they
[Music]
episode 13 13 ladies and gentlemen
that's a it's a number it's a very
important number very important tell me
why why 1330 is important yes well we
got two 13s back to back so it doubles
the normal potency of 13 which is
already a mystical number which
terrifies people in the West it gets
unlucky but in Tibetan Buddhism it's
considered a very lucky and auspicious
number yeah I was staying in a hotel in
Vegas they have no 13th floor and I
don't think they had a fourth floor
either the fourth yeah there's something
about some cultures the number four is
unlucky
how many cultures do we get to influence
our buildings these days that's what's
crazy and what's crazier is at some
point someone convinced a person listen
can we just not do a 13th floor and they
listened to him oh my god I guess we'll
just go from 12 to 14 Shooter Jennings
has it in a song when I check into 1410
I know what room I'm really in yeah yeah
well you know what
that's what's so funny about it is
because like that's the whole problem
isn't it it's like people want to
pretend they're not in the 13th floor
when they fucking know they are just
acknowledging this is where I'm at no no
no we're in the 14 we're 14 14 called
the 14th floor just call it and they'll
be that dude I went when I was in
college we had to do service for like to
get the degree you had to go do you like
service overseas so we went to India to
Dharamsala and we taught the monks
English and I was sitting with like
listening over hearing a monk and a
conversation with someone teaching him
English and the person's trying to
explain to him how there isn't a 13th
floor in buildings in the West and the
monk was like does it will have at 8 -
how do they do he was genuinely
perplexed it was like a magical thing
yeah in a culture that forces its
citizens if they want to run the country
you have to believe
in something that whether you're a
Christian or whether you're a Baptist or
Mormon whatever you whatever you are
there's certain parts of your religion
that if you just don't want to analyze
them just want to put them out on paper
and say okay did this really happen did
this guy really die and come back to
life is everybody agreeing on this and
everyone's agreeing that a zombie a guy
became a zombie and he came back three
days later and we're cool with that this
is a part of the doctrine so there's
like a part of running the country you I
don't think you can be an atheist in
this country I don't think we would let
you run it to be you have to I think you
do have to have some affiliation with
some religion or another problem yeah
and it right now it seems to be like it
needs to be Christianity like there
needs to be like every president that
has aligned himself so it's like we're
trapped in this this thing that you are
when you're young you know this thing
you are when you're young where you're
looking at the people that are older
than you you're looking at society and
you're like 16 you're just starting to
think god damn I'll be graduating from
high school soon what am I gonna do with
my life you know it's you filled with so
much angst yeah but you always think
yeah this shit doesn't make any sense
but one day it will and one day we'll be
the grown-ups yeah and we'll be the ones
that get to make the rules and we'll go
hey this is we're doing things all wrong
folks we're doing things out of momentum
rather than out of logic but that time
never comes and then all sudden you're
like you or I were you're middle-aged
we're middle-aged men I'm a 51 year old
Manimal 52
we're middle-aged if we're lucky if
we're super lucky reality we're closer
to death yeah for sure sure so and we're
still trapped by this thing where you
you have to pretend you absolutely no
look live your life like Jesus is real
live your life like you want to follow
those tenets and you'll probably live a
better life if you really follow the
actual true tenets of Christianity if
you really want to believe that
guy came back to life and it only
happened once and that you have to
follow this book yeah if you don't
follow this book that was clearly
written and rewritten and fucked with by
people and you know that people are
known liars yeah like why do we have
court cuz people lie what really
happened you have to fucking get a bunch
of people to sit down and figure out
what really happened this guy said I
didn't do anything your honor
yeah and they got prints and DNA and in
in that world of known liars we believe
a crazy story that was written when
people had no science but we accept it
because we think it makes the world a
better place yeah man it's nuts and
there's like so many levels of that
where it's like yeah that's one obvious
level that if you want to take Jesus
literally which is you have to in
certain forms of Christianity you're
gonna have to deal with some pretty
severe cognitive dissonance you'll be
taught maybe to question your instincts
but then go one step deeper and start
thinking because the real question is
what is real like I mean the author's
obvious shit that's clearly bullshit
yeah but wait then when you start going
down you realize like you get to the
point of the self mm-hmm and then you
start realizing that the self and this
Jesus that everyone believes and are
very similar in the sense that like you
know I don't say I believe in gravity
you would think I was crazy if I said it
would be a crazy thing to say look you
know I believe there's gravity there is
gravity it's testable it works but what
do you always hear when people are like
if you want to succeed what do you do
you believe in yourself and it's like
wait what do you mean believe in
yourself I am myself why do I have to
believe in it right so that's it
it's a clunky way of saying self-doubt
is crippling well the self doubt self
you know rejection I hate myself I love
myself all these things have within it
this concept of the self and a lot of
folks have not spent much time really
exploring like well what is that what is
the self like what is my particular self
and I think it kind of IVF when we are
Sasquatch hi me
you know this self or that many people's
self is very similar to Bigfoot yeah
it's a thing that they imagine that
there's signs of but they've never
really quite seen the Bigfoot you know
right but you know remember the feather
in the trail it's a gift it means he
likes you
yeah they were thinking sasquatches were
taking and leaving gifts taking their
gifts and leaving their own gift
swapping gifts yeah yeah and we relieved
it they believed they believed it the
same way people believe in a religion
you know yeah I had a friend and she was
a Mormon I've told the story before so
forgive me if you've heard it she was a
Mormon but I think it's important and
she was a devout her whole life and then
the family just fell out of it and then
they started realizing like they started
going into the history of it and they
started thinking it was preposterous it
was right around when Book of Mormon was
coming out too you know that hilarious
musical ends here it's great it's really
good but she was really honest about she
was like the problem is like growing up
in that fundamentalist background it
makes me very susceptible to like
healers and like psychics and
clairvoyance and bullshit are spiritual
people she's like I get sucked in to
bullsh and she was like almost kind of
upset yeah no not almost like she was
kind of upset but like perplexed like
how do you rewire yourself when you've
been trained to believe that a
fourteen-year-old boy in 1820 found
golden tablets that contained a lost
work of Jesus and all the Native
Americans were The Lost Tribe of Israel
oh my god I mean this is that's the
story fourteen-year-old boy he had a
magic Rock he was only one who could
read it it's crazy she started looking
into it and she she's out yeah gone and
that's sad too man because like if you
take you could take some like basic
tenets which are true and not based on
it kind of reminds me of like you know
you hear someone he's taking ayahuasca
and he comes to you and he's got a
profound message that came to him from
some mythological creature a dragon a
butterfly has told him some kind of
profound fucking thing and you realize
oh the bubble machine of profundity got
a bubble machine for thirteen thirteen
oh yeah whenever we're talking about
let's keep it rollin the yeah the so you
know caught up in popping them though
yeah
when yeah I know that's a problem too
high you're like John what do we do it
was pop bubbles the bubbles fly it's
like for them to really like take in the
basic wisdom they got from the
mythological creature they needed a
mythological creature the mythological
creature said something to them along
the lines of you need to love yourself
more you need to give more to your
community whatever the message is but if
you're a bird driver said that to you it
wouldn't get through because it wasn't
like phosphorescent do you have multiple
heads so similarly with these religions
what happens is you do get some real
transcendent wisdom that's sort of
timeless mixed in with it and then the
people because they realize like oh my
god it was kind of a fairy tale
they also reject the good stuff inside
of it and that to me is the big tragedy
of any kind of fundamentalist literalist
interpretation that's being forced on
people is because within that is
inevitably something great where it
wouldn't be so viral like Christianity
wouldn't be here right now if there
wasn't a core thread in it that had a
beautiful message in it it makes people
nicer people I actually had a really big
conversation this weekend with a very
good friend about it about another very
good friend who's very religious and we
were saying like I think for some people
it's an amazing framework and a guide to
live your life I really do believe that
I have several friends they're very
devout Christians yeah it's beautiful
and they they're the nicest people I
know in Mormons by the way I have
friends that are Mormons still to this
day I have several friends that are
Mormons and they're some of the nicest
people
yeah and I don't care if they believe
something that I don't believe in it's
okay it's okay it is okay but I mean the
idea that everyone is supposed to buy
into stuff without questioning it is the
reason why we are 51 year old 16 year
olds dude I agree and then there's the
deeper symbolic shit it seems to be
encoded in Christianity whether from
people
their own understanding on a pretty wild
cymbal set or maybe it was intentional
either way there's like a cool like you
know the if we talked about this like if
you take a cube and unfold it it makes a
crucifix and like the cube represents
pre-big bang conditions whoa and the
crucifix represents past present and
future intersecting with eternity and so
if you have a square oh I get it so the
length the height is twice as the width
yeah okay make it unfolds into a
crucifix for people that are annoyed
with that sound it sounds like a pencil
sharpening over and over and over again
we're sorry sorry about that y'all but
bubbles don't come free you need we
could hire somebody hire some dude just
blow bubbles what do you got blow
bubbles on the JRE bro some like fucking
manly wrestler dude yeah different
people come in and blow bubbles and
occasionally HR man hey I'm gonna be on
the Jerry next week what are you doing
I'm blowing bubbles oh cool you're the
bubble blower for the week you could
start something that became like that's
just what people do it's like did you
get your bubble man yet right yeah I'm a
classic bubble man I know how to do it
the new guys they're too loud when they
blow well it did Johnny Carson was Ed
McMahon the first sidekick what did Jack
Paar have a sidekick I don't know yeah
well how many options were before that
Ed Sullivan and well there was the other
guy Steve Allen I think Steve Allen
might have been the first was he the
first Tonight Show of the second Tonight
Show yeah but I think that Ed McMahon
was probably the first sidekick and once
they had a psyche people like oh yeah
yeah you need a sidekick yeah you need
somebody to play that part because you
can bounce stuff off of them it's so
right the reaction yeah so much better
than a laugh track yeah yeah yeah
so Christianity it's on one level are
you fucking kidding me
it's like and I had this nerdy part of
me man when your
that Jesus is a zombie thing mm-hmm I
really wanted evil technically not a
zombie no a zombie I don't think so
because he was buried right like it's
not like he did come back to life but
this is there's a move in jujitsu called
the zombie yeah and what the zombie is
is when you're in Mission Control and
you're trying to get an underhook you
push your hand through like a zombie
rising through the ground so zombies get
buried yeah but I guess you know I don't
want to get into like why not let's
break it up so what is is not like when
when is it just a person who's like
severely disabled and when it is a
zombie well you know what I mean like is
it well they're dead or dead they die
their heart stops beating but the doctor
says they're dead you would be like a
complete asshole if you're like they
have this they have the same
intelligence as humans they're clearly
there's some brain damage it's happened
to a zombie right it's in most movies
it's a person with brain damage is there
any zombie movies were there smart I've
met that just every movie yeah but I
guarantee like there's there's zombies
movies where they run fast that was an
evolution of the zombie it started
running the zombie became like kind of
like hyper violent mm-hmm and then but
still I guess what they all have in
common is that they're technically
they're dead in the sense they don't
have a heartbeat they're not dead like a
biologist would be like the zombie is
alive right it's just like a fungus now
it's running through a parasite inside
of it essentially yeah it's some kind of
fungus rabies yeah some new rabies or
got biome problem but what's the the 28
days later is that it yeah that was the
first one when they ran yeah now the
scary is good fucking awesome
running zombie was so good so good and
cuz it was also shaky like when the
zombies were chasing after you you'd
fucking panic because the screen was
shaking when it was running at you they
were the first like Berserker zombies
you know man all this gut biome stuff
that we're hearing now like the this
study I just read about the study today
like they found out that what the gut
biome what you're feeding your your baby
affects their but like there seems to be
a correlation between their gut biome
and the way they act when they're like
five or something there are two years
old or something
dude and the autism link you know where
they're saying they think autism might
be related to like well who's saying
that Jamie would you mind pulling that
out far if there's a guy named dr. Peter
Hotez and he was on the podcast and he
is an expert in autism and vaccines and
diseases in foreign countries
particularly tropical diseases and warm
moist climate disease yeah and he was
talking about how they've got it
narrowed down to five environmental
factors that happened during the womb
that they think possibly contribute to
autism yeah but they don't think that it
comes from something that happens later
huh this is current science according to
him obviously I don't know what I'm
talking about like for sure I'm not a
biologist at all people looking at us
are probably like how do these
scientists not know this I should barely
be able to say those words in order you
can't pretend like I know what they mean
but I listen to expert mothers
microbiome the collection of microscopic
organisms that lives inside of us is a
key contributor to the risk of autism
something that might be one of the
factors so it's during the womb and
neurodevelopmental disorders in
offspring well it would make sense that
if your body's not getting the proper
nutrition and your body's not healthy
that whatever is going on inside of you
is not going to be in the best
environment for a baby to reach a
hundred percent health it just makes
sense if you're eating terrible yeah
while you're pregnant it's not going to
be good for the kid but if you're eating
really well and you're relaxing and
taking care of yourself it's probably
better for the kid I mean this seems
like obvious it doesn't seem to make any
sense that it that wouldn't be the case
I think the weird part of it to me it
this runs in the like ideas of free will
or like autonomy in the sense that how
much is the gut and the neurons and the
gut and the neurons and the heart and
all the interactions they're having with
things that have different DNA than ice
mm-hmm affecting what we do and
like they DeLong that's so weird
he contributes a depression yeah yeah
and it contributes to what else autism
what other behaviors are in other words
are we just essentially being driven
around by some kind of strange
microscopic hive of creatures living in
our shit in some way yeah right you know
Bryan Callen had a pretty bad case of
like of psoriasis kept coming back nasty
really bothered him tried a bunch of
stuff couldn't get it fixed went to one
doctor who's a specialist a specialist
in gut biome its connection to
autoimmune disorders I think I fixed him
up just changed up his probiotics like
what he's taking prebiotics and
probiotics gave him some like heavy-duty
shit I forget exactly what he said but
it fixed it and it was basically
something going on his gut biome and
that can be affected by stress yeah
could be affected by lack of sleep
there's all sorts of stuff that goes on
in your body like we have to think of
ourselves as a suit like a super
organism like essentially like an
ecosystem we have to think of ourselves
as like you you think of yourself as you
hey it's me it's Jo it's Duncan we're
talking we're friends hey what's up
buddy but really what we are is the
keepers of the realm okay we got a whole
realm of things living inside of our
body and we're feeding it Twinkies and
it's freaking out it's like you fucking
moron yeah but it like what it feels
like when Twinkies go in my face your
fucking knees hurt all the time yeah
your back is killing you you have all
these inflammation problems getting zits
and you're 40 years old like what the
fuck because you're eating dog shit man
you're not giving your body thing
anything good you're the keeper of the
realm and also this is something I've
been thinking about it's like how much
data were eating which is equivalent to
Twinkies it's like you eat a bunch of
Twinkies your body starts hurting then
you're just slurping up whatever the
fuck on the phone right which I by the
way I'm talking about me this is what I
do you know my bouncing around from like
Drudge Report to Huffington report to
Reddit conspiracy to Reddit what the
fuck
zip poppy how long before you're looking
at like a zip
video and then that takes you down into
a place of like oh let's just move to
animal cysts and then boot and then you
fall asleep you wake up screaming yeah
and that's the equivalent of getting
like gasps isn't it from eating like a
huge Taco Bell meal instead of farting
you're just just screaming in the middle
of the night because you dreamed a cult
was dragging you into the forest it's
like this is to me we seem to have not
quite acknowledged that data is as much
of is like a food and that so much of
the weirdness that is people are showing
these like strange behaviors it's gotta
be because of the crazy shit they're
sucking into their optic nerves right is
it's also the ability to affect people
Vick very rapidly whether to get a
reaction from someone positive or
negative people are so addicted to that
yeah I watch people getting these
Twitter beefs back and forth and yeah
fucking smart people man a smart friend
of mine who I respect greatly tried to
get me to retweet something mean that he
was saying to someone else my kid that
fucking out of here like wow what are
you doing yeah like what are you doing
with your time we get the one thing that
I've done over the last week we did a
podcast with Bert and Tom and Ari and we
all looked at the amount of screen time
we put on our phone because Ari was
proposing no smart phones yeah um my
fucking screen time was like four hours
for a day I was like what and I'll lie
to myself and almost let's email and
taking care of business most of it is
going through Google newsfeed looking
for crazy stories of like animal attacks
man I watched a video today of a guy
riding his dirt bike in a bear's chasing
them I'm like what in the fuck what is
happening look man I don't want to try
to like enable your addiction but
honestly I think the Internet has come
to depend on your wild animal attack
videos like you have kind of become like
a news outlet for the best wild animal
attacks people need to know people need
to see this shit man like we don't know
I've never seen a vulture fighter rabid
or out it people do have a very weird
idea of what animals are and I think
that of the average person I'm certainly
no expert but amongst the average person
I have
much better understanding of wildlife
because I'm out in the wild yeah several
times a year hunting it's a different
world it's a different world I'm no
expert but my perception of it is as
someone who sees wildlife in in the wild
they see dead ones that other ones have
killed we came across a calf that had
been ripped apart by wolves I mean we
see stuff and you realized what that is
what that what that fucking forest
really is it's this competing ecosystem
of life and it's going on all the time
and there's big things jacking smaller
things and there's birds snatching
things off the ground and snatching
other birds out of trees and it's
happening all the time and it's magic
and you have to have it that way because
otherwise the whole population the
planet would be overrun you have to have
your sorrow of watching the bear tear
apart the fawn that has to happen
because if it didn't happen you'd have
too many fawns they'd be everywhere
you'd have too many deer and you have to
have someone who can take care of the
Bears otherwise the Bears will overrun
the city where the humans live and we
need to think about that and people
don't want to because they don't want to
shoot yogi they don't want to shoot Yogi
and boo-boo they're our friends this is
a teddy bear I grew up with a bear you
don't know what a bear is I've seen a
bear in the wild when you see the bear
in the wild you're like oh you're you
don't give a fuck about me you're some
weird heartless beast that is majestic
looking who runs around eating moose and
deer babies that's what your deal is you
eat grass and berries and you like to
lay around your fucking cool shit it's a
cool ass animal yeah it doesn't mean you
hate it but you got to understand what
the fuck it is it's not like this
ideally people don't want people to hunt
bears in certain places like
particularly like they're they're
they're trying to regulate the size of
the amount of grizzly bears in certain
parts of the country they look hey we we
need to keep a handle on this like a
couple people get mauled you know people
start walking through Yellowstone and
get attacked it happens like a little
bit more rapidly the numbers get to a
certain and they're like these things
have no fear of people like we can
actually help the population if they
hand out
bear tags and people start freaking out
you can't kill the bears you can't kill
the bears don't you kill the bear
there's a reason why there's no fucking
bears in California Duncan only black
bears without our fucking state flag has
a grizzly bear on it you ever noticed
that yeah the state flags agree they
eradicated all the grizzly bears because
they were eating people so in the
fucking 1800s dude there's a town I
think it's called Levesque
I think it's called Levesque it's out
near like on the way to Bakersfield yeah
lebec Lebec I think it's called Lebec
it's a town named after the last dude
that got killed by a grizzly bear in
California yeah and to investigate this
thing exhumed his body and his legs were
fucking ripped apart like his you know
needs were snapped in half and shit you
have to destroy this tape
he got torn apart by a bear and they
killed the bear and they buried him and
that was the last bear there was the
last bear attack they they killed all
the bears the reason why they killed all
the bears cuz that's what you have to do
you fuck you want to be able to walk to
your car yeah see you
you don't want bears in Santa Monica
okay shut up just shut up we're going
into their territory man they'll come
into yours too okay stop don't be silly
we definitely shouldn't kill all the
bears push to kill a few should
definitely kill some should kill some
wolves too I need you we have to keep
everything alive I'm gonna bring back
pterodactyls I wouldn't mind that
snatching people right off of cars well
come on they could be controlled come on
they could be controlled put them in a
some kind of domed I don't know another
bullet dome we never knew there were
bulletproof bring them back fuck it
people shoot down a bullets just bounce
them hitting people on the ground yeah
well our skin it's that what you know I
saw something you know your podcast it's
like everywhere now it's like dandelions
ever you can't anywhere I'm always
getting suggested videos from your
podcast and I saw one because I've been
cutting down my meat consumption good
for you and but that doesn't mean I
don't eat meat I just want to cut it
down a little bit and and I have been
feeling a kind of enjoyable from time to
time sense of you know that I don't know
if you let yourself do
you probably don't but that feeling of
like kind of bullshit like I'm a little
better now better person I know it's
really like I wasn't like overt it
wasn't like hyper obnoxious you know but
just a kind of sense of like I did it
I can cut down my beef consumption and I
mean you know I mean you know a cheese
here and there and anyway this video
popped up and it's some guests I don't
know who it was talking about the number
of animals that died in a bean field
like any bean field that you see you
know so many animals just ground up and
murdered and I it was great because I
realized like oh of course yeah right
you the trick I was trying to play
myself is the same it's the 13th floor
shit it's like I want the world to look
like a Disney film but it's a bit of a
cop-out even saying that my mind my
saying that because the reality is
there's another solution the solution is
organic gardening right so you can
organically garden if you get a plot of
land and get some friends together you
could all grow in a vegetable so you
have to take place in LA which with
large-scale agriculture or if you're
dealing rather with large-scale
agriculture that's the problem the
problems we have to feed in just in LA
alone the Greater Los Angeles area what
is it like 20 million something people
that's so many goddamn people you know
one's growing anything other than weed
so what do we have what we have we have
someone has to grow these fucking food
for us so they have to do it large-scale
yeah I'm gonna do it large-scale it
involves combines and those fucking
things are indiscriminate they're just
chewing up the ground and things get
caught up in and that's why when they
clean fields when they pick whatever
they're growing you'll see vultures
after they run the combine you see
vultures circle in the fields cuz they
know rabbits and rats Jesus man all
kinds of bugs I mean any kind of I mean
I don't know if you care about bugs
which is that's a weird thing right
it's like vegans will get to this some
vegans we get to this like line or like
yeah but that's a mosquito fuck
mosquitoes yeah they they have malaria
you know you get to like a life form
ethical boundaries where you can't
relate to a roach also the hilarious
thing when it comes to assigning levels
of sentience
then based on that deciding if you
should eat something or not you run into
like a lot of weird problems which is
like number one you're assuming oh just
because they don't have this sort of
nervous system you have I mean and who
knows we project most of everything we
are into the world and we don't really
know what the phenomena is but I saw
some like video of a little of an ant
taking care of the ants baby and I don't
know if you've probably heard about how
trees communicate with the mossy Liam
yes and like how they'll send nutrients
to their children and then so then you
start running into I think which is a
really fascinating problem which is what
if it's all alive and sentient and
feeling for real what if the there is
throughout the entire universe just a
sentient field of consciousness that is
interacting with matter in a way that it
produces what we call life and that life
is feeling terror love maybe in
different ways then we would understand
it but it's still there you know there's
that's a really under consideration by
legitimate scientists in fact sam
Harris's wife just wrote a book about
that at least one of the subjects it's
called conscious and conscious or
conscious Ness sorry I don't remember
which I haven't read it yet but I heard
them talked about on his podcast and the
concept that used to be like super
woowoo
was what if everything has consciousness
yeah what if everything had but it just
can't move it can't express itself can't
change its environment it's limited just
like we can't fly and we can't swim
underwater and breathe water like we
we're limited in our physical ability
right but we assume that whatever
limitation so we have like this is where
it ends this is where the buck stops
here
yeah like everything that doesn't moves
got to be students that it might not be
which is one of the reasons why nobody
wants to buy a house after someone's
been killed in it right like what if
that house retains a memory that was
something that Rupert Sheldrake proposed
a long time ago you know he's got that
was that's a very strange theory where
everything is kinetic resonance of the
theory of morphic resonance he's a
fascinating guy and he's like a guy
who's not afraid to take some chances
and and say some really woo woo shit
yeah I think he's a Christian as well
yeah I love his
I think you're the one you like was
telling me some of the studies are not
so great in it well it wasn't that I
said that is that other people would
complain I racked up and because there's
some there's some studies that
apparently people lean on that aren't
super legit like the dog knowing you're
coming home one yeah well you got to
replicate that shit because first of all
the guy might have a loud car dogs can
hear shit way better than you can yeah
how far away is the guy when the dog
starts going towards the door or does
the guy just come home every night and
the dog has like an internal clock and
he knows hey it's five o'clock Mike must
be coming home like if you come if
they've replicated this app for 11:30
what if Mike starts coming home in the
Tesla where you can't hear shit
who knows what if he comes over does a
dog actually know he's coming or is it
dog just hearing things
dog hearing aid or a car I mean it's
almost isn't always doesn't always kind
of seem like the most boring possible
solution is usually the right one it's
like yeah what's the most boring thing
the most boring thing is nothing's
happening but you're imagining the dog
is somehow yeah has a telepathic link to
you Occam's razor right yeah talk is the
simplest but it's also the most boring
like you know these crazy fucking UFOs
I'm sorry if you've talked about this a
bunch on the podcast but the UFOs that
we're seeing that the you know Navy is
releasing these videos of these tic tacs
zipping around and it's Navy pilots it's
not the people we interviewed in that
show it's Navy pilots who are like yeah
I don't know what the fuck this is
and I was i have great conversations
with uber drivers and like we were
talking about it and this guy was like
in a lot of them are programmers and
shit and this guy was like it's probably
a technic it's a glitch and then in the
type of radar they're using I think it
must be a glitch I mean that's the most
likely reality they're not seeing it
with their own eyes they're not I don't
think so I think they're just picking it
up on radar and so he's like it maybe
it's a glitch or maybe it's like we
should find that out can you google if
the pilots were picking it up on radar
the pilot spotted UFO to see if they've
because I know some guys have spotted
things
with their own eyes I know I know for
sure some guys have I'm just I'm not
sure if that dad is that I think it's
probably relevant to the conversation
though it's probably a thing that we
know people listening going yeah with
the book I get super skeptical yeah I
feel like I feel like almost like it's a
plot I don't wanna go full Eddie Bravo
but I feel like when I see people
talking about UFOs might okay what else
is going on what are you distracting me
from mm-hmm
is this really a big issue I was like is
it really happening well can I see it
what do you got got nothing oh you got
like some braids are you got radar from
one two pilots three pilots okay I
believe it but I want to see why do I
want to see more like what am I and
you'll get caught up in it it'll chew up
hours of your day yeah man
there's a lot how those guys have we ran
into on that show I felt bad for them
because they didn't understand what had
happened to them they had gotten caught
in this weird loop of looking for
secrets and looking for mysteries to be
solved and looking for hidden
conspiracies and they get caught in that
and some of that shit is real which is
part of the problem some of it you can
come across the gulf of tonkin in the
Northwoods operation Northwoods you can
come across a bunch of um the
territorial Enron you can see how they
put that together you like what you
could see real crazy conspiring yeah and
then you can get lost and think it's
everywhere that's right yeah well I mean
this is like dude I was just with this
Jim OH
according today the AAA v's what does
that mean is that Ben do you see UFO
yeah are you really gonna change UFO
they're like they have their own little
thing it were a V's we don't refer to us
as UFOs these are my pronouns these
appeared at an altitude greater than
80,000 feet far higher than commercial
or military jets typically five fly
initially the print Princeton's radar
team at the radar really high pressure
print story is what it's called it's
like a really high processing radar
system why is it spelled Prince ton
it's pretty story not as for instance
I'll processor freezing a weird spot oh
okay the radar team didn't believe what
they're seeing chalking up the anomalies
to an equipment malfunction but after
they determined that everything was
operating as it should they began
detecting instances which the aavso I
wanna know come on that means dropped
with astounding speed to lower busier
airspace day approached the Princeton's
commander about taking action he said I
was chomping at the bit I really wanted
to intercept these things what yeah
that's we have the fucking craziest
people in this country like there's a
fucking there's an alien man I want to
chase it
aerial vehicles for whoever invented
that new name isn't hat he's an asshole
I was actually the one who decided to
call them AAV come on you know
technically it's not identified flying
object taking our fucking UFOs man I'm
gonna fight that what is it again was
the exact phrase anomalous aerial view
anomalous aerial view it's an AAV you're
an asshole it's an anomaly the new name
for UFOs anonymous aerial vehicle
probably a part of a billion dollar
study - two fighters were diverted to
intercept one of the strange objects
when they first arrived on the scene the
pilots didn't see any flying objects but
they did observe what the lead pilot
commander david flavor later referred to
as a disturbance in the ocean oh the
water was churning with white waves
breaking over what looked like a large
object just under the surface yeah
then they noticed one of the objects
flying about fifty feet above the water
Craver the commander of the elite black
aces squadron the suck goddamn Nicholas
Cage movie who is a Top Gun program
graduate with more than 16 years of
flying experience described it as about
40 feet long shaped like a tic-tac handy
with no obvious means of propulsion it's
white it has no wings it has no rotors I
go holy shit what is that dude you know
the guy whoever the company is that
makes tick
you're like they're calling them tic
tacs it's free publicity totally
tic tacs is the one sponsoring this
whole deal you think it is yeah man
people are buying tic tacs right now
listen to this you just say tic tac
enough you like remember those old
subliminal things he's doing movie
theaters when you're watching a movie
and it's a hungry eat popcorn like every
like 50 100 frame they would stick like
a hungry eat popcorn
they likes yeah put subliminal text on
the show anybody damn I want some
popcorn if you just say Tic Tac Tic Tacs
goodbye in Tic Tacs right now well we do
know that pilots got great breath right
that mean Tic Tac man it's like the
first time you saw a UFO the first thing
that pops in your head is it looks like
a mint that's nuts there had to be other
ways to describe it guts talking Tic
Tacs bro for sure
I googled Tic Tac after he said that to
her because I couldn't remember if they
were square or if they were like take
you know that they looked like I would
expect a good UFO to look like yeah you
know boring yeah yeah like super Apple
like like if Apple made a UFO yeah it's
like applique pretty sleek yeah but
going into the ocean part that's the
part I like the best because that kind
of lines up with Hollow Earth theory and
that and like that maybe like they're
flying the base yeah in the in the
center of the earth of course they have
a base in the urban you have a base in
the ocean we never go there do you have
a flyover I was just no why you fly over
five hours of water it's just water
oh yeah well that's that Strava app
thing I feel like we've talked about
literally everything you know the Strava
I don't worry about it okay good it's
great man I love that I have to think if
pretty sure we've talked about this the
heat maps the Strava heat maps that seem
to show people walking under the ocean
and stuff walking yeah we haven't know
it so yeah cuz like Strava you know it's
like um I think was Strava right it was
like a way for you to track your steps
hmm and some people apparently weren't
some bases in the Arctic or in the ocean
walking around and it showed up before
they could like turn that function off
for top secret facilities like the
places they blur out on Google Maps so
do you think there's like a military
base under the water somewhere where the
submarines go
god man you know I want to think that
but I'm a boy the movie the Meg yeah I
think it's probably a technical error
but fuck maybe I mean I don't know it's
like the the implication of these take
tax and all of it if you really want to
like the first to me the most obvious
one - the churning water evidence is
that it's some kind of equipment
malfunction
what's also that they have an unlimited
budget for black ops we don't know what
that number is
that's right we don't get to know yeah
right all that weird shit they do when
they're making stealth bombers and all
that area 51 stuff yeah how much money
goes to that like what is the number
let's Google this how much does the US
spend on black ops I had I was gonna
bring this up in the middle of whatever
talking there's a program here that was
going on the 8a a tip advanced aerospace
threat identification program what's
going on
fuck you out of your money but I'm just
gonna use the a a tip 22 million is what
their budget was in 2012 and this said
doesn't still go on but apparently it
does Luis Elizondo says it's still
operating and he is part of so they
spent 22 million dollars to see if the
UFOs were a threat a year and there's
the two stars Academy yeah that's it's
time to launch stuff yeah so well some
of it's still going on it's all it's
listen I am I'm fucking rooting for it I
want it to be real I would love it if it
was real but if you look at like the
history of the great ideas a lot of them
did come from like weird moments you
know like Tesla like basically at a
seizure and felt like it was being
contacted by something like you do run
into stories of at the very least
inspiration but quite often innovation
coming to people via like traditional
most i transmission well I've been
thinking this for a long time that maybe
ideas are living things and these ideas
even though they you
think of them as something your brains
creating and maybe brain is creating it
yeah but maybe it uses your brain to
create it so that it can manifest itself
in the real world so when you have ideas
whether ideas that turn out to be art or
music like you know Jimi Hendrix comes
out with voodoo child your you are
inspired by that you see it it gives you
a great feeling you exchange currency to
listen to it I mean just that one song
how much money has been generated by a
voodoo child it's one of the greatest
songs in the history of the known
universe is the opening guitar riff I've
listened to that a thousand times easy I
listen to it all the time whenever I'm
like I need a pick-me-up that I mean
it's just it's a masterpiece it's a
masterpiece of music and where'd that
idea come from well it came from his
brain right but where was it before it
was in his brain
well how does brain cook it up and what
is it what are these things they're just
floating around that you grab out of
culture and how do you turn them into
something that people go crazy for yeah
because occasionally a guy will take one
of those ideas and make voodoo child or
you know make someone else a song or
make someone else's painting or you know
make a fucking building that's inspiring
there's these things that come into your
head that's right and you're at the end
what they really do is they're like the
eggs of objects because they they come
to your mind you think about them and
then you say I'm gonna make a fucking
clock and you start making a clock
where's that coming from with oh it's
just your creativity and it's just your
mind it's just your imagination
well it's just your thought process your
synapses firing yeah yeah yeah you're
right you're right we're all you're
absolutely right there's no real woowoo
or is there what the fuck is a thought
figure that out no one knows what one is
especially where are they coming from
I mean how many times you've read have
written a joke and you're laughing
yourself as you're writing like we're
the fuck did that come from yeah well I
mean or saying any sometimes like you're
watching sentences come out of your
mouth and you're sort of you don't feel
like yeah every day all the time
Yeah right now where's the you know
who's articulating it there's a dis um
I've been studying Buddhism and any
Buddhist out there if I fuck this up I'm
sorry if you if you're more advanced or
know more about it so I'm pregnant say
the words wrong and stuff it's really
interesting so it's like there's like
eight consciousnesses I think it's eight
and the sixth one is your thought a
continuum of thoughts right so that's
like where most people hang out and they
think that's who they are is the
infinite cycle of repeating thoughts in
their head so below that as your senses
and then the one right above that is the
seventh and that's what is considered
your subconscious in the West but so
that's where all your memories are
that's where all your like just all the
shit you can't remember that happened to
you that that it's stuck back there that
appears in people's ARP or appears in
your neurosis or whatever and then above
that is the 8th consciousness and that's
the stored experience of all human
beings and well it's happening it's like
the global mind or its lyric records
yeah we have the Akashic records yeah
and and so basically that one drips down
like like water and a cave it drips down
into your subconscious which drips down
into your thoughts so when you're having
these thoughts according to this model
it's not necessarily your thoughts
you're getting a kind of distillate
that's rolling down through the global
mind being flavored by your subconscious
and then being flavored by your identity
or who you think you are
and then so by the time it comes out of
you it's got you wrapped up inside of it
but it's a projection of some like
shared mind it's pretty cool that makes
that makes actual sense you know that
sounds like crazy voodoo hippie talk but
it actually makes sense yeah that we all
know that there's something that we
share the Sun and we we all feed off of
each other I mean you know I've said
this many times and I am a different
person with you yeah
like we're different together and we're
different with other people as well I
mean that's how human beings are then we
when we interact with each other we have
this a bonding thing there's a there's
an interaction thing yeah and that's why
some people are toxic for you I mean the
idea that you're supposed to stay with
everyone it's like crazy like some
people are just not good for you it's
not a good mix you know you're not good
for them they're not good for you get
out yeah but that there's something
that's going on it's not you just as an
individual and then we're talking about
gut biome and and that as well yeah
you're you're you're also sharing gut
biome with each other sharing DNA with
each other and you're sharing the skin
there's there's little organisms living
on your body you hug people with no
shirt on you sharing organisms yeah it's
one of the reasons why it feels good I
bet yeah yeah man I mean it's probably a
great way to swap organisms to keep them
spreading I mean yeah it benefits your
biome I feel like he wants to like
pollinate or get out into the world for
sure I was reading about
I was listening or actually listening to
a podcast the Stephen Rinella podcast
meat-eater and there was a guy on who
was an expert in moving wildlife around
how they like sometimes I move wolves
into certain particular areas they had
too many moose in this one island and so
they moved wolves in but the wolves
there wasn't enough of them and they
were on an island so they all start
fucking each other and they were fucking
their kids and their did their DNA just
was a mess huh yeah just all sorts of
inbreeding and it was just terrible
which is also fascinating it's like
nature's like nothing you can't just
stand around and fuck each other you
gotta get out there like nature even
with animals nature's like done and this
is not the game we're playing the game
were playing is not male and female the
game we're paying is male that doesn't
know female that's the game because you
can't fuck your sister and you can't
fuck your mom you stop if you do it a
few times but after a while your kids
are just not gonna come out good which
is weird right like how come if you're
good and your sisters good how come if
you have sex there's a high likelihood
that the kid won't be good there's
something wrong with the child and if
the child fucks the sister and then they
have a child it's even more likely
if that you know I mean this is what
inbreeding is and this is one of the
reasons why I have a lot of problems
with certain dog species yeah yeah and
it's a weird little thing that nature's
got built into it
yeah just like keep moving bitch keep
touching each other keep spreading the
biome kind of move yeah well no matter
what you all swap and spit that keep it
moving have you see that planet Earth
with that poor sloth that poor horny
lonely sloth is Horning pretty sure it
was a sloth it was some kind of
slow-moving tree creature and they set
it up you know I don't know how much of
it is real like how much of it is
they're just filming animals and telling
a story about them but this sloth is
horny like bullet howls out into the
forest like and it hears like a shriek
of an of a woman a female like and it's
like I'll fuck you know it's they yet
this poor guy look out fuck can you get
it from where he's in the tree or we
lied to show he doesn't own it but you
don't show it so he he doesn't have a
girlfriend that's what's up yeah so he's
a Class L of the sloths world this is in
its in cell sloths it's not because this
one's actually woody this sloth is going
for it it's like it's not staying in his
apartment on the Internet
it's it's leaving his tree swimming
across an ocean
climbing up another tree but what a
dirty trick nature played on this
motherfucker to have a move so slow
everyone can catch you yeah it's like
nature's like listen you guys are too
fucking stupid there's too many of you
we're gonna have to have it so Eagles
pick you off so they have them so slow
literally no one can miss them what a
goddamn dirty trick you ever see a bear
run they run fastest
you ever see a fucking wolf or a coyote
run the ridiculous this poor bastard
this poor bastard is going so slow it
looks like he's on slo-mo like we're
looking at the leaves yeah leaves are
moving in a normal speed but he looks
like he's on fucking slow-mo he looks
like he's been eating benzos for the
last nine months like just fucked up
he's got an infinite xanax prescription
but yeah yeah what do we must look so
fast to them like to them we must seem
terrifying and how quickly we're moving
about
Eagles you know what is that eagle that
that gets them in South America the
harpy eagle is that what it is the
biggest eagle on earth I didn't know
harpies a sloth all they eat is monkeys
and sloths that's their favorite shit
they snatch the sloths out of the tree
bitch what is it a fight for yeah yeah
whoa laughs fights back oh my god let's
go you guys oh that's a real young Eagle
although the sloth is actually swinging
at the eagle imagine sorta you'd be like
what are you doing now it's more like
when someone's trying to wake you up
it's like you know it's like a drunk guy
at a barn you're trying not to fuck him
up
yeah please don't make me hit you that
is exactly it and the Eagle seems
perplexed by it
yeah but you see the harpy eagle killed
one because it's crazy man they just
swooped down there so enormous and one
of these guys first of all kudos to all
these wildlife biologists that actually
go down there and risk their ass look at
that boom hold on back that up again
motherfucker
boom Jesus that is a big killer bird and
he just snatches that poor little guy
but somebody had to be there to film
that and there was one of them that I
watched on the harpy eagle which is a
beautiful animal where this guy who was
a photographer who was one of the
scientists who studying him got attacked
the eagle swooped in and fucking took a
swing at him she was he okay yeah barely
but I mean that gets sketchy when a
25-pound flying bird with knives coming
out of its feet
he's trying to snatch you I'm something
that can literally carry a fish can you
imagine how strong your hand would be if
you could shove your hand into the river
snatch a salmon and pull it out with one
hand I'm gonna be honest it's that
strong I do that that's how I fished
amazing I love the fish you make a
YouTube video I don't want to film
myself out in nature you know how it is
I just heard it that's my private time
in the wild they just snatch them and
then they fly with them they're so
fucking strong yeah that thing was
coming after you and I think the harpy
eagle is probably even bigger than 20
five pounds I think 25 pounds like a big
bald eagle yeah I don't think the harpy
eagle is even larger than that dude one
of my friends told me something that has
always kind of creeped me out
it's obviously probably not true but
like you know things yeah my two
University of bro science is 11 pounds
that's it
what's the heaviest Eagle wow I'm off
big-time I guess that makes sense though
because like a Turkey's the giant turkey
is like a 20 pound Turkish that the
Steller's sea eagle is average weight 15
pounds oh wow vilify an eagle 14 pounds
harpy eagle 13.1 no shit why don't I
feel like we've done this before I feel
like you were I thought you were right
though but maybe it's just I guess I was
in Vegas and I had to bet whether or not
you looked at the weight of the biggest
eagle I would bet a million dollars they
know what it definitely looked I know
exactly what it is it's got to confuse
with an with an extinct eagle in New
Zealand that was enormous that they
think hunted people and that one was 25
pounds and I was shocked that that's it
was only 25 pounds called the haast
Eagle H a ast show a picture with that
fucking thing was none of them
verified to exceed 20 pounds but yeah I
think they're bigger yeah see that's it
that's where I fucked up I was looking
at this thing and I was like why it's
only 20 pounds or 25 pounds because you
look at the size of it it was fucking
huge and they really think they might
have hunted humans they think that's
that might be why the people I think it
was New Zealand why the people in New
Zealand wiped him out and this was like
before the white man came and fucked
everything up did you see that
documentary on Falcon earring know which
one is up it's this woman he's like I
wish I could remember her name but she
like goes up to I think like Tibet and
state like took her in and taught her
how to like hunt because it's the way
they hunt with birds and like it's a
whole relationship you have you sort of
have to raise the Falcon from a baby and
they're like connected to it but it's
the most insane thing to witness because
it's such a remote place and it's such a
like traditional people they don't watch
TV they don't know you know they're not
like absorbed
shit like we are they're just out there
hunting with giant birds and you know
they figured out how to do that
you know that's to me all the stuff like
horse right any any human animal
relationship when you think back to the
first person who saw a falcon I was like
I'm gonna catch it and I'm gonna train
it to catch rabbits so we can eat yeah
how how how how that shit is I don't
know if this is the exact documentary
but this is one on it called the
challenge where that's not it but that's
it's these are like in the looks like
Saudi Arabia these are like some
sharpening their claws which doesn't
sharpen the beak here in a second what
are they using them to hunt it seems
like they're having an event here so I
don't know oh they're sharpening their
beak oh fuck yeah this wasn't it this is
another version they're watching soccer
they're riding on sand dunes these guys
are driving Land Cruisers in the middle
of the desert somewhere
yeah a pro's anuman shit they're in land
they're lettin go pitch the pigeons are
gonna get jacked oh my god oh my god
they had a room filled with pigeons yeah
or those Falcons a Falcons well no
there's a I can't which one of the
pigeons don't of them have to be pigeons
right those are pigeons so what is the
challenge like who Jack's the most
pigeons the fuck is that
wait a minute that's called the
challenge movie is called a challenge
it's a documentary that came out won
awards a couple years ago really yeah
and it's just about falcons Jack and
pigeons I thought this was the one he
was talking about but apparently it's
not
I want my sharpening the P the beaks and
the sharpen in the claws this is gonna
be your next thing you're gonna get in a
falcon earring the next time I come here
you're gonna have a skin some kind of
like when they're Mongolian dudes with
the fur hat with the ring yeah the
fucking spike on the top of it that is
the one that's it one guy's driving
around with a gun no about the about
this movie oh wow no shit yeah yeah
dudes have crazy money man they just
have to figure out some way to ball so
they to get killer birds look at those
Aires seabirds are an amazing thing if
you if you really watch them and see
them in the wild
like do their thing like snatch a fish
out of the water it what it is is a
raptor it's a flying Raptor that just we
tolerated it because it's small but we
probably killed all the ones that could
kill us well yeah right
they were like giant giant Eagles at
some point get your eyes on that thing
man look at that look at the eyes on
that thing it has a giant if that was a
big thing like the size of you coming at
you and trying to kill you and eat you
first of all you'd be totally helpless
if that thing was your size you would be
100% every human being would be 100%
helpless they those things are so strong
it would grab a hold you with its feet
it would start ripping you apart with
that fucking bolt cutter it has grown
out of its face yeah fuck man
it would just just that fucking thing
would be the size of a sword like a
samurai sword that would just be
smashing in ripping your guts out you'd
be surprised still be alive for a second
to watch it take a like taste of your
guts probably be like the size of one of
Shaq's shoes right that would be his
beak size 22 yeah I got beak right you
look this beak big-ass shoe huge knife
big fucking head this big big-ass shoe
for a phone
carrying you to feed its babies right
that's what they do they eat you first
and puke you into the baby's mouth
yeah and they eat other birds to eat
whatever the fuck they want those things
are always fun you know I used to find
them headless in my backyard there was
like a little bit of a war between the
the Hawks in my yard yeah we put in this
glass fence in the back of the yard and
the Hawks can figure out the fence and
they fucking dank and they a couple of
them got Kayode one of them one of them
we managed to save we brought him to
like a wildlife rescue place and they
rehabilitated him and saved him
another couple of them died and then we
would find dead ha so I think that one
of them
like the dominant hawk and he died and
then other ones just started moving into
the area like they were flying around my
chicken coop and like little juvenile
hawks yeah kind of assholes almost like
teenagers I was like what the fuck is
going on here then I'd find one of them
with his head missing she's so like some
other hawk killed it and ripped its
fucking head off and a bigger Hawk left
it in my yard dead with no head like a
mess a try figure out what the fuck
eats something's head but apparently
that's something that a hawk will do
they'll do to each other so it's like
the equivalent of like the Mad Max
putting your enemy's head on a spike in
front of your area yes you claim you own
like all his friends get to see his
headless body when you shit on it when
you fly over find out that's true that
might be a lie but I want to find out if
Hawks cuz I'm almost we're very high
right now ladies and gentlemen but I'm
pretty sure that I read that when I
found the headless bird in my yard have
you seen the tibetan sky burial shit yes
yeah that's that's cool man that breeze
yeah it's amazing that's when you
basically instead of cremation your
friends hack your body up into pieces
and take it to where they're vultures
buzzards I'm not sure which vultures
scatter your body they descend on it
they eat it and all that's left is bones
so you can smash the head so that the
vultures can get inside get your brain
all your memories and then I just saw
this incredible documentary on the
history I think was the Himalayas
there's a civilizations there because
like they're genetically they it's why
the Sherpas are able to help people like
they are able to take oxygen and more
there's some kind of split that happen
and that that high in altitude but like
these fucking crazy scientists were
rappelling down the side of these cliff
faces and going into tombs and the side
of cliffs and looking at these bones of
these people where they're not sure of
what their history is and like they'd
been pecked by Birds
you know so they were like okay they
were doing the sky burial even now
but some of them had spikes nailed into
their tires or something like maybe
there was like a zombie like oh who
knows what the fuck happened but back
then they thought that you know I mean
even in western graveyards you'll find
spikes through what part of the wallet I
think their chests or their heads
somebody killed them post death as part
of their ritual yeah yeah pretty sure
not for sure but pretty sure but that
was not uncommon I mean we there's so
many examples of finding like graves
that have spikes hammered in them
because people thought that the body was
a vampire that didn't come from nowhere
you think that there was a time when
bodies used to come back to life and
that parasites dead now no no I think
there was a fuckin time where people's
neocortex hadn't formed enough to
separate their subconscious from their
conscious so they were like
hallucinating more and also they were
like they had a kind of they were
projecting a lot of crazy shit into the
world
also imagine when you found out you
could lie like the first Liars yeah this
is like there were people that would
have language and then people once they
started communicating like hey who
fucking ate the tomatoes tsunami yeah
and you realize you can get away with
that yeah you could line so you didn't
eat tomatoes when you did who's the
first liar is before language there was
no liars
there's no Liars in the Lion Kingdom
it's not even a concept because you
can't have a lie until you have
communication well you could say there's
day I guess you could say lying is the
equivalent of camouflage in the sense
that when you see a some of these insane
like animals but bugs in particular that
look like flowers that look like or you
know it's yeah that's a lot it's a form
of deception it's a form of evolutionary
deception so yeah I think that like it's
a linguistic it's a linguistic
camouflage that people use to try to
like navigate through society not just
people monkeys and monkeys monkeys use
language and they lie to each other yeah
they found out that monkeys have a very
specific sound they make when it's an
eagle and they have an other sound that
they make when it's a cat like something
on the ground so they have something for
up high and something on the ground and
so one monkey will yell out something
like Eagles coming the other monkeys
scatter and then he gets the fruit yeah
ha ha that's crazy
and then they'll they'll yell that
something's on the ground they'll run up
to the trees they lie to each other to
meet what the funniest fucking thing is
how much we lie to ourselves that's
where it gets amazing it's like you know
you were talking about and I've done the
exact same thing with screen time when
you're presented that humiliating number
of hours and you've been telling friends
you're busy and you're fucking looking
at that just thinking like dude I've
been like you know looking at bullshit
but then before you do that you look but
it's my job you know I've got to kind of
be online it's like no you're addicted
to technology and because you can't
stand the fact that you don't have the
discipline to stop using it
you would rather make up a story
involving some absolutely verifiable
bullshit so that you don't have to deal
with the fact that you aren't in full
control of yourself
and it's a non rewarding addition which
is really strange it's like when you're
looking at stories on like the Apple
newsfeed or something you're scrolling
looking for something that's gonna
captivate you yeah what is it Apple
having problems with keyboards yeah you
start reading this and just like oh you
can't huawei can't sell laptops you know
anymore like how much of that am i like
you were saying earlier how much that is
junk thoughts yeah these are junk
thoughts like junk food junk food you
just consuming consuming and I don't
think it's useless I think it serves a
purpose I love it those if I mean in the
sense of maybe not a purpose and the way
you're gonna be as a human but a purpose
in the sense of like if you apply a
little bit of like mindfulness when
you're losing your phone how do I feel
right now you know I'm talking about
like how do I fucking feel you'll
realize you feel a specific way it's a
kind of like numbness there's a quality
of like a kind of like sedated numbness
to the
notic state you've been lulled into by
the algorithms and there's some Pleasant
kind of like I guess you could compare
it to some like low-level euphoric
painkiller but not very euphoric mostly
just a mild numbness that is pretty good
at turning off anxiety and they say or
you could at least displace your own
personal anxiety like if I'm scanning
through my phone and I find the
inevitable bad news whatever formats in
I could pretend that my anxiety is
related to that news you know and then
that's when you get people who are very
anxious and they've seen it I mean sighs
who was a famous some person tweeted I'm
here in this beautiful place and I can't
enjoy it because of our president you
know what I mean it's like whoa I don't
I'm not sure that's the real reason why
you can't enjoy that place I think it
might be actually that you haven't dealt
with the fact that you're a vet you're
freaking the fuck out right yeah that to
me is like this the purpose of a phone
it's very good at tricking yourself into
thinking that the reason you feel like
shit is because of something happening
in the world it's a band with either two
and here's what the problem with that is
sometimes you have like these legitimate
thoughts and when you have these
legitimate thoughts meaning like meaning
like something you're working on
something you're like whether it's an
idea you're trying to do on stage or
something else another project that
you're doing these things they require
your bandwidth right and when you're
always looking at your phone it chips
away percentages of your bandwidth ten
here five there there seven there and
you don't think about it because nope
I'm still concentrating on the project
I'm still on the project project the
project the project yeah but really no
really you're in two rivers at the same
time you're in this wacky River of
nonsense and wondering who got this and
how much they're getting in this divorce
and who died in the Dominican Republic
oh my god another person another
terrorist oh my god yeah
you know and you're just you if you want
to look at all the bad stuff that
happens among seven billion people you
have to think of all
the interactions that humans have all
the literally billions of interactions
everyday people constantly and
occasionally one goes fucking Western
yeah one goes sideways and that's the
one you see on YouTube Jesus Christ this
world's going to shit yeah and then you
watch another one and you watch another
one and you watch infectious diseases
and snake bites and what happens when
you get nuttin and necropsy when your
fucking flesh starts falling off so I'm
cheating bacteria say how'd they get
that snorkelling the next thing you know
you're fucking just numb numb to your
real life because you're taking in data
from yeah everywhere yeah that's it fuck
man and it's like then that gets inside
of you and now you're just a turbulent
you have a turbulent self that is
digested a version of the world that's
only half true and so because of that
you're gonna be half a person because
you're not looking into like your own
whatever the fuck you are you know what
are you what are you like how much do
you even think about what are you yeah
how much time of you spent to me it's
like the craziest shit that like you're
you're we were talking about the sex
drive being this insane compulsory
engine inside every sentient being that
way that I know of course there's
exceptions but like this is if you're
writing a computer code right this would
be a line of code right it keeps you
going keeps you going keeps you going so
to me something is fucking astounding
weird is why the fuck can people not sit
still and be quiet for periods exceeding
10 minutes 20 minutes 30 minutes
literally the least metabolically
outside of sleeping right you're what
you're not really exerting energy when
you're sitting still and being quiet
you're not really doing much and yet if
you ask I can ask a person if they
wanted to go for a walk that was sure
I'll go for a walk but if you're like do
you want to sit with me for like ten
minutes quietly it's
I get it felt like now I don't want to
I'm not into that
no I don't wanna do that what the fuck
is that to me that if not that I believe
in simulation theory but if I wanted to
prove it or like play around with it the
idea that we're like non player
characters in some super advanced
simulator one of the ways I would
experiment would be like Oh
sit still why the fuck can't you sit
still why is it that suddenly your mind
goes insane why is it suddenly that you
gotta get out why do you feel bored or
crazy or fucking like overheated or
anxious or nervous the productive Duncan
yeah that's why that's why everybody
wants stimulants yeah yeah that would it
be more productive yeah I want to
contribute more yeah people I mean I
think it's that's what someone might say
is an explanation but I think the
fucking real reason is like people are
carrying a disordered universe inside of
them and when they sit down and there's
nothing to look at except what's around
them they're forced to deal with the
fact that actually a lot of the
disturbance in their life is more
related to an interior like maelstrom of
thoughts and unexplored feelings and
then this is just basically shaping
their entire existence they're like in
every single moment recreating a
universe of disorder and then getting
really upset because if you see disorder
in the world and it keeps reappearing
like your friend he's like why do I get
taken in by these people all the time
it's like well you get taken in by these
people all the time because inside of
you is a behavior pattern that is
replicating this phenomena and you're
pretending that it's not in you to the
point where it's a mystery it's like why
did you know when I Drive somewhere I'm
not like why did my car drive me here
you know unless I'm like fucking high
out of my mind it shouldn't be driving
but pull over and find a Starbucks a
person will legitimately be like I don't
know why I did that and it's like well
what is what are you what are you yeah
right
okay are you something different if you
have sugar and your
yeah are you yeah what when your Candida
level hits a certain number yeah and it
starts telling you you need sugar Duncan
how about a nice cold coca-cola Duncan
yeah mmm Duncan just crack oh and one
coke it's not gonna hurt you to have one
cuz you're right I need a cake to go
along with water who wants to go and buy
water right now coke nasty fucking
waters not so flavorless heir alive
stayin alive here with my water no I
want fuckin sewage brown sugar death
poured into my fuckin guts or a nice IPA
oh yeah he's better yellow liquid it
taste like wheat yeah having an
addictive personality man I like it
because it's like it's fun to play
around with it meaning that when I am
reaching for the thing whatever it may
be that I know I shouldn't be doing is
in the sense of fun well I like watching
the rationalization that my mind starts
spitting out for it you know like oh I'm
doing this because it's like you know
I'm relaxing you know it's a celebratory
moment I feel a little bummed out and
you look at like the instant way your
mind tries to come up with a bullshit
story to write off the fact that you are
riding around in a vehicle that you
can't control and that is not a very
appealing way to be no one wants to hear
the pilot say guys taking my hands off
the wheel once you see what happens for
the next ten minutes up here and yet
their whole lives are like that they've
just taken their hands off the wheel but
then they're trying to make sense of it
you know like how many times do you mean
an alcoholic who hasn't accepted yet
they're an alcoholic and they're like
telling you all these reasons full you'd
see my childhood man you just got to
understand my childhood or you know it
helps my riding I said I'm a better
rider when I'm drunk or on and on and on
and on and it's like no the reality is
you're fucking hooked you're addicted
you can't stop your hand from bringing
something into your fucking mouth and
you can't deal with that because who
wants to deal with that shit
and I want to be in control so I'll make
up a story I'll make up a story I love
watching your shit man that Goggins
what's-his-name he's great I love more
fording laziness globally this guy's
galloping down the road yelling into the
camera and I love it bad especially as a
person who's really good at telling
stories you know so like I'll fucking
wake up in the morning I'll be like yeah
there's time to go for a jog but you
know I probably should fill in the
fucking blank and it's always very
important you know there's always a real
good reason for it like it but
regardless the truth is I have yet to
achieve the ability to grab that
particular part of the steering
mechanism of the my identity you know
and so rather than just deal with yeah
you can't control yourself I'll tell
myself a story I love that it's a tricky
one yeah it is
that one the comfort one is a tricky one
Comfort is the siren come on come back
to the couch done come and done can you
learn how about a nice cup of tea
he has no vice it's actually good for
you
verbal just relax a little tea soda me
won't be the New York Times if I know
what the intellectuals think about the
way the world is yeah right man it's
amazing I love fine things to do man I
don't you know I don't sit down and
listen to music I'm gonna sit down
listen to some albums well I need to
because you know I'm just interested in
music and I'm thinking of like making
some songs and I want to become inspired
hmm I think a lot when I'm running and
it's one of the main reasons why I
really like to do it first thing in the
morning kind of gets my head going like
it gets me ramped up real early I like
to do it like first thing in the morning
cuz it gets your head thinking yeah like
it gets you like you're out there
breathe in and running up the hill and
you pushed yourself you're tired and
then the thought will come into your
head you know just out of nowhere you
get a strange idea just pop in your head
and then you start dancing around with
that idea or wondering why even thinking
about that now and you start thinking
about shit you need to fix about how
gotta clean my fucking office and you
just
thinking about oh why didn't I gotta
call that guy back fuck and all these
like it's like brain maintenance like
your brains like shaking from all the
pounding it's like AAA we got a loose
screw over here in Aisle 4 oh yeah I
forgot I gotta call that round tighten
that bitch down yeah man that this this
is what I love about meditating and
that's something i am i ant finally have
figured out how to do regularly and i
love it oh well from doing everyday
that's awesome every day how much time
20 minutes how much time you jerk off
during the meditation oh god man you
know it varies based on the weather it's
rain made you horny good said I don't
wanna be tough it's just yeah when it's
raining it's just like I come faster but
then like if it's windy I can get it out
if there was a movie about someone who
just became fucking nymphomaniac when it
rained out I'm sure that happened like
as soon as it rains out it's like fuck
who go to book if there was if that's
how I mean you think about humans teared
how we're affected by things I went
depressed when it rains up or you know
we don't like it now again definitely I
just feel like same as shit cuz you get
attacked by scientists or smart people
are like you don't know what you're
talking about I know I don't know what
I'm talking about don't know that we're
talking about a hypothetical world
people get horny when it rains
well yeah but I want to take it into the
Sun man I want to move into the next
level which is like weird a solar
minimum now apparently which is the Sun
is not very active and so the Sun you
telling me this
it's the craziest shit bed the Sun
freaks me out not just like the fact
there is a Sun but the solar observatory
observatory I'm high I can't even say
Observatory what's happening in the
solar observatory well you heard about
this shit the app and there's this solar
observatory that just got fucking shut
down all of a sudden I'm like the black
helicopters came in and like anyway I
don't know what happened there let down
the Sun is it a solar minimum
we have to fucking get through a paywall
you see m8 ditches what is this oh you
need to iron guys come on
continue what do they want right apt
fucks UFO sightings NASA Soho space
probe spot
giant alien disk shoot out of hollow Sun
what that's not a roof
what's that Express Duncan that's like
that's the hard core scientific stuff
take me to like something last time yeah
who is a is the Express like the Daily
Mail do they make who makes stuff up
like the acquirer someone was it was a
newspaper wind alien his moto next match
total solar eclipse will pass right over
a space observatory oh wow Joe have you
really not heard about the solar
observatory that got shut down I'm
surprised pretty that picture is when
you look that up just solar observatory
shut down black hello go back to that
photo real quick before we do that we'll
do that real quick sorry I just no no
it's okay be I'm very sorry but look at
that goddamn photo this is photo of the
solar eclipse and you see all the Rays
of the Sun by the way imagine these are
little multiverses each we had a juice
does this thing just devour bubble teas
yeah run out of fucking bubbles we ran
out of bubbles right when you're about
to talk about the multiverse look at the
Rays coming off that thing I mean what
is that is that what that is
that all those solar rays is that what
the fuck is that coming off of that
thing those are called sight gar spirals
those like they'll fuck you up man yeah
they're deadly they're like definitely
one of the most dangerous thing in space
no that's what Robert Schoch the
geologist from Boston University thinks
and did the Ice Age his theory is that
it was a mass coronal ejections
lightning storms like rain coming down
but lightning all over the earth it's a
very common fear and Preppers do you
watch Preppers
I've watched a couple times but it
freaks me out the guy everybody's got a
reason like I'm building this shelter
because I'm afraid or Akane's but yeah
you hear like the Liberals the
Hurricanes
the Sun comes up a lot like I should
well I mean look we can only exist in a
very narrow temperature band that's what
you have to think is strange you know we
have a temperature band what is it it's
from like fucking 20 below zero to like
a hundred and fifty that's all we got
yeah and this we got this weird little
spot this is a piece of shit died
already god damn it that's how much
juice does it use what's got a little
observatory in here Solar Observatory
and it's getting shut down it's some you
know the the narrow band that we can
live in
we're so fragile as an organism yeah
that we should be terrified of this
giant nuclear explosion that's a million
times bigger than the earth sure that we
need to stay stable and you need to keep
I mean imagine relying on that thing to
make sure the temperature is in like a
range of plus or minus a hundred degrees
like what the fuck are you talking about
it's crazy crazy crazy request well this
is like you know I don't believe it man
but I love Hollow Earth theory and like
bubbles if I if aliens were watching us
like terrestrial aliens not
interdimensional aliens important to
make the distinction
if terrestrial aliens are watching us I
think they would be like what the fuck
is wrong with you
y'all live on the outside of the thing
you got to go in like don't cuz
mountains fall out of the sky you're
gonna build your whole inside collapses
well I'm saying like if you dig deep
enough maybe there's a way no hair donor
well that's you got to get air down
there I mean when you think about it
it's like we've built this fragile
civilization using this super advanced
brand-new interconnective technological
matrix that is dependent on satellites
giving GPS coordinates to keep
everything running and we're right next
to a ball of fire that has historically
from time to time
blasted so much fucking crazy shit at
our
planet there was a time that it cause
like telegram wires to spark it's like
if that shit hits the satellites they're
gonna go out all the power grid goes
down and everything goes down it's not
conspiracy theory it's happened yeah and
sometimes it cools down and it enters
into a thing called a grand solar
minimum I think is what it's called and
that sometimes starts ice ages like
there was a mini ice age that happened
not that long ago where the Sun
theoretically just I don't know it
stopped being so active and then 1790
1790 yeah yeah and that so this is like
a reality that nobody seems to really
like think about I'm not to me is the
funniest thing when everyone's fighting
each other we're all like furious at
whoever the fuck is like nobody wants to
except like mountains fall out of the
sky the Sun from time to time
burps fire so bright that it causes
fires to break out on the planet and
then all the other shit we don't know
about you know just this stuff we don't
know about like that if we could talk to
it yeah 1200 foot asteroid could crash
into Earth because NASA missed this
small detail
oh geez less than a week old story Jesus
Christ I don't need to see this
NASA fucked up yeah yeah well they
haven't been getting any money Jamie you
think that's why yes
Trump has diverted all the funds to the
space force no the truth is they yes
yeah I mean would they even tell us I
mean I know no you don't think no let it
hit you don't think that your life no
what are you gonna do they wouldn't warn
it's gonna hit it's gonna hit you know
Neil deGrasse Tyson says weird like
decades away from being able to divert
it decades decades yeah yeah if
something's coming our way some
civilization ender were fucked and eat
this is not conspiracy theory folks
there was an article today that I put on
my Twitter that I read about hyenas they
used to have hyenas in Canada up until
the last ice age there's hyenas in
fucking Canada
like this whole thing changes all the
time time there was a mile-high sheet of
ice up there here two miles high in some
places that's right I was just in
Chicago man and you look out at the lake
Lake Michigan yeah it's just amazing you
look at it from Chicago whoa whoa whoa
that was a fuckin glacier that was a
there was an ice I didn't even melted
that's how it got there that's the room
the remnants of the melted ice sheets
the whole fucking thing was under ice
yeah dude there's a place in Wisconsin
where my friend Doug has a farm
Cazenovia Wisconsin that's a part of
what they called the Driftless area and
the Driftless areas the places where the
the these glaciers didn't come down and
crush flat everything in front of them
that's why you go to the Midwest
it's fuckin flat yeah flat as this table
why is that because the fucking glaciers
came down just smoosh that motherfucker
just that's how it came down like this
giant mile-high wall of ice just
destroys everything in front of her as
it rolls across the landscape but it
didn't hit this one area of Wisconsin
and it's or didn't hit it as hard cuz
you got all these beautiful hills and
valleys it's pretty dope wow that's
beautiful
holy shit isn't that crazy man crazy
that that happened 12,000 years ago
right yeah this is we're not talking
about something that's a long time ago
and then BOOM that shit melts and
becomes an an interior freshwater ocean
and it's essentially what it is it's
like our entire civilization is living
the way like a middle-aged alcoholic
who's starting to realize all the
trouble they caused yeah lives but still
debt is gonna keep drinking kind of like
it's like if you look at like our old
species as one thing it's like right now
we're dealing with like the same thing
maybe smokers deal with after a lifetime
of smoking like suddenly health effects
are starting to happen right we've had
like a nice run but now we're starting
to get a little bit of payback for all
the decisions past generations have made
we
got fucking radiation pouring into the
ocean the ice caps are fucking melting
and then on top of that the majority of
us can't just can't deal with that we
either say fake news or we say nothing
I'm gonna be dead anyway bad yeah yeah
that those are the two things because
the react that to me like this fucking
amazing thing about being a human is
that we are like a technological hive
that has built itself around a planet
using the materials of the planet to
make technology and we're still at the
point of hive life where we're
pretending there's different bees when
we're all the same fucking beat you know
it's just some of some of us are running
weird operating systems and we can't
accept the fact that it's like listen
we're a fucking hive of super vance
primates that are all living together in
a hive because that's the overview
effect man where astronauts talk about
flying over and looking down it's like
it's all the same the cities are mostly
all the same and all the structures all
look pretty much the same of course it's
a fucking hive schizophrenic I've where
pieces of the hive are like yeah over
there we got a bomb that part of the
hive because that part of the hive is
different than us so that part of the
hive wants to hurt us you know it
pheromones being released you know not
by queen bees but by influences you know
like the news the media blasting out
this data pheromone that gets us ready
for the wars gets us ready for the
violence tries to justify or rationalize
it and then there's other weird new like
little mini queen bees popping up
releasing weird pheromones the
influencers you know they're like some
of them are making people dress a
certain way fashion or whatever some of
them are making people freak out some of
them are making people more calm but
we're dealing with the fact that we're
all starting to wake up right we're all
gonna have to wake up to the fact that
we're all the same thing living in a
hive and that if we don't come to that
epiphany is an individual I mean we're
probably fucked like we figure out to
split the atom and we've got that the
technology as it's come
is making the ability it's like I'm
sorry please go ahead collectively we
kind of know but it's very difficult for
everybody to act yeah right
collectively we kind of know that we
can't do things the way we're doing but
they're gonna do it what are we gonna do
oh he's gonna drive that truck with the
smoke coming out of the back well fuck
it I don't want to fix that what am I
gonna do about this what do I do
what do we do whose intro who's in
charge and what do we do
you're asking me no anybody nobody
nobody has the answer to that yeah I
think you gotta like get pragmatic I
mean III that there's that thing John
Paul Sartre said and I'm not throwing
poles for thought one said but has stuck
with me ever since I heard it which is
whatever you do you give the planet
permission to do you give everyone
permission to do so
to me what's helped me like live a
little less in a in a crazy like asshole
way I mean aside from having a baby is
realizing that oh if I can't stop you
know using as much plastic as I do the
world's fucked if I can't stop any kind
of activity that I look into the world
and think man why are people doing that
then the world is fucked because if you
you know that fuck I'm sorry man
can I ran about this quick story do you
mind sorry you know that Gandhi's story
which one which one the one about like
this and this who knows could be fake
news I don't care as a parable it's cool
but this woman brings her kid to Gandhi
and says I can't get him to stop eating
sugar and Gandhi says come back in a
month and she's like all right comes
back in a month and Gandhi looks at the
kid and goes stop eating sugar and she's
like why did you wait a month for this
and Gandhi's like well I wanted to see
if I could stop eating sugar first and
you know before yeah so it's like to me
cool right there's a listlessness in the
world because everyone wants to be
heroic but people are wanting to act on
the global stage
while neglecting the their their home
their family themselves and it's
frustrating because you I wouldn't you
think that because it seems like we're
being like you're seeing the big big
scale of things but it's like personally
yeah when I fucking finally clicked man
I can't change anybody out it's like I'm
not gonna make anyone do anything I'm
not gonna make anyone meditate I'm not
gonna make anyone do this or that or do
anything because everyone's doing their
own trip anyway man who the fuck am I to
say what a relief but that's part of the
problem right is it people trying to get
people to behave a certain way that's
what we're experienced a lot of that
right now yes yes man and it's like the
thing is that's the impulse is Noble but
it's unfortunately it's like trying to
build a fucking second-story house when
you haven't built the first storey which
is like you need to like get your own
house in order and then maybe there's
some teaching but usually by the time
that happens you don't you're not you
know not a talker you know and so to me
that has been like a real exciting a
thing to realize this jack Kornfield
says this I'm sorry if I've said this
before tend to the part of the garden
you can touch and that's it so it's like
to me it's just a big relief number one
you can't do shit for anybody else but
yourself number two you don't need no
one none of us know we don't have to
impose some moral thing on you but there
is a one actionable thing an action
anyone can take which is a moral which
is find out who you are that's it find
out who you are who are you really
what are you explore that shit right and
then see how you start changing I think
that's a real pragmatic solution to all
this stuff and it actionable to and it's
like you want to find out who you are by
you know rubbing mayonnaise all over
your dick and letting your dog lick it
off that's a true exploration go ahead
work for me the
enlightening just kidding speaking of
its Jose OJ's on Twitter I saw that shit
do you see that one guy who made a
parody video of his welcome Twitter
world he made this weird dad video it's
so strangely what's the word apocalyptic
no disingenuous strangely disingenuous I
thought it was like he's fake like he's
acting again but he hasn't acted and
forever and also maybe he's suffering a
little bit from the football injuries
because there's a struggle I'm I am very
sensitive to people that have been
hitting ahead a lot of times struggling
to talk yeah because I look for it I
seen in people I don't want to see it
and it's scary and we all talk about it
like people that work for the UFC
fighters trainers people do kickboxing
we everyone talks about seeing certain
folks yeah starting to slip and some
folks will start to talk about it about
themselves you know they're having a
problem yeah that's what I got I was
listening to that soak a little Twitter
world all right
and take that OJ Simpson yeah I'm gonna
but I can dispel some of the BS the
people have been saying about about me
with no accountability yeah
possible to talk about sports and
politics it's like this weird acting job
that he did it's creepy man oh it was
weird all that yeah it so it was a weird
moment man I that's a cool that that
that thing that happens to people who
have like done shitty things where
instead of just saying like yeah I
fucked up I can't say that you can't say
yeah I killed somebody right well you
can but if you do that you're going to
suddenly a nobody I think for anybody
who's done she thinks the one we just
say it you get to be standing again on
the real ground like the real terrain is
that it like the bullshit world you've
been living in but when you decide not
to do that then you do have this like
well it's like the uncanny
like you have this like Android quality
to you because you're not reflecting
reality you're reflecting reality after
you put lipstick on it and sunglasses
and combed its hair yeah put some
perfume on account of the nose job got
its ass got ass implants and that's your
fucking realities this super plastic
like someone who's been getting plastic
surgery for years and so you're
pretending that that's your existence
you see it man when like people are
getting sentenced for killing people and
they're like the look on their fucking
face is like so confused because they
have created this valley in between that
person the person they are and in you
know it's they've split in half
essentially and they can't deal with
that's why so many people have murdered
people will say I wasn't there I don't
remember it was a dream I didn't know I
didn't do it and Gacy I should be I
should be sentenced for running a
funeral home without a license he was
saying when he was out of town people
were bearing kid dead kid bodies under
his fucking house you know any minute
minute he tricked himself enough really
absolutely because otherwise you have to
deal with the fact that you are a
murderer that you killed fucking you
strangled fucking kids that you dress
like a fucking clown you know and like
killed kids like it's so unpalatable to
deal with that shit because you're just
a crazy lunatic who is out of control so
you'd rather make up a story
usually it's conspiratorial somebody was
like somebody's like hey man you know
where you could bury those kid bodies
I think Casey's out of town yeah man
it's not fucking crazy it's fucking
crazy yeah Jesus Christ I know and
that's the thing with the Oh people have
always said about oh joy that it's
almost like he doesn't even believe he
did it now but the problem with that is
there was a fucking emoji that he
tweeted at this guy you know or he had a
direct message with this guy and he had
like 16 knives and he said he's gonna
cut him like if that's true if he really
did send that if it's not
Photoshop that's not bullshit you
imagine getting a DM from og because you
made a parody video he's this guy cuz
like while I can't guess what he did was
he put o J's video where he was talking
and in the background he had someone
screaming help
call the police help help and so then AJ
sends him this direct message allegedly
who knows what really happened
who knows what if it did dude I would
fucking I would like find a cave
somewhere I'd want to move to the Hamas
I can't I couldn't deal with it man
hello Twitter world I'm just you know
cuz he could get you like he could get
you if he wanted to
I bet hey B yeah I mean how much times
he have left 71 years old after he DMZ
he disappears you know people like we
don't know where he is Norma Donald
tweeted out him hilarious Norman
hey juice I just wanted to tell you that
through that video I know the golf
course that's behind you so I could
figure out where your house is and I
wouldn't do that but somebody else might
yeah that was hilarious
Norma Curran is so funny he's the best
I'm trying to get him to do a podcast I
was trying to get him an atom you get to
do a podcast I don't know what he can do
though while he's got this his Netflix
deal shows I don't know where is that I
don't know if he has a contract but he
should do a podcast it's a goddamn
national travesty that he doesn't have a
podcast he's so fucking funny
well isn't his show kite it's kind of
like a podcast like it has that he
hasn't been doing it uh and they don't
want him doing interviews and stuff it's
like it's a little tricky cuz he said
some crazy shit you know norm says crazy
shit and they said some crazy shit like
like if you about someone saying
something will you believe that you'd
have to be you'd have to have down
syndrom huh like you thought that would
be better than saying you'd have to be
retarded people like what the fuck
dammit
and people got real mad at him I think
it was on the stern show he's just he's
just a treasure their car Joe I'm sorry
too like I want her like I thought I had
all these questions for you man I was
like guess lame to ask my questions on
their show and it's not in the moment
like we often do but I really do I know
you probably talking about it but I
wanted to hear your
take on deep fake cuz like that fucking
deep fake 'you really bothered me like
it's set off like a whole series of
thoughts in my head that like of all the
futuristic shit
that freaks me out the most like well
for some like you or someone like me
it's easy for them to do it because they
basically got a library of all the
sounds that we can make with our mouths
and so they put it in a database and
then they can get you to say words
you've never said before in an order
that you've never said them before in a
way that you can kind of distinguish for
now I kind of can hear that it's fake
but it was me talking about sponsoring a
hockey team filled with all chimpanzees
yeah and teaching chimps to play sounds
exactly like something I would do and
it's it's close you know I mean they had
one a few years ago that they did with
Ronald Reagan where they had a fake
speech and this was way way before the
internet and someone had pieced together
fake collaboration of a bunch of
different Ronald Reagan speeches and
then used them with sound editing and
turned it into a whole statement that he
never gave before and then the White
House went on television and showed how
they did it and showed on the news all
the different speeches that they pulled
from and this the actual sentence is
where they pulled from they showed it to
you so there could be no denying someone
I forget what it was it was the Russians
was it the Russians of course someone
had done that but I don't know I don't
know who did it millions but it was
interesting because I was like oh wow
they can do that but I thought you know
think about how many times Ronald Reagan
is giving speeches you just take listen
someone with painstaking detail mark
down all the words in those speeches put
them all in some sort of a multi loop
because it's you know you have to go
like to Phil Spector's house they have
though oh yeah reel-to-reel sound
recorders piece that shit together
splice it up and then release it pretend
that Ronald Reagan is trying to start a
war with Iran or something yeah man I
forget what it was do you remember the
premise no I don't remember the prim
to that but I you know that the
recording I don't I kind of remember it
but it's a foggy memory man it's pretty
wild but this is like to me of fuck the
Sun and all the things to worry about
this shit is really intense man like you
know about the hostage the fucking weird
hostage phone thing people are doing or
they're like you get a phone call from
the phone number of your wife and you
answer it and it's like we've kidnapped
your wife you know it's someone freaking
out in the background they're like send
us money or she's fucked and like
they've been right now what they've been
doing is they've been you know someone
will say let me talk to her and they
just hand it to some lady who's like do
you think oh my god it's her I'll give
you whatever you want people have been
sending the money you know and like when
you consider like what happens when deep
fake technology intersects with just the
ability to like call people from spoofed
numbers and that suddenly if someone
gets your phone number list they're
gonna be able to call your friends as
you and record conversations whereas
they sort of dredge up you know who
knows whatever they want maybe they want
to blackmail you maybe they want to get
money maybe they want to embarrass you
that to me is like so spectacularly
fucking weird that we're gonna end up
having to have passwords that we tell
each other away from her Alexis which is
like listen if I call you and I'm
seeming strange you know the password is
like go for 69 otherwise it's not me you
know because that's gonna that's a
reality I mean just look what people are
already fucking doing with spoofing
numbers mm-hmm that's fucked up man
and like that that aspect of it and also
just like supply and demand in other
words there's one Joe Rogan right right
now but if an AI starts duplicating you
and improving on you like and I'm saying
you know five or ten years no offense
man but maybe an AI could like turn you
twice as smart you know make you like
whatever who knows what and then
suddenly you're no longer in demand
since that once the Joe Rogan AI package
goes on the dark web or makes its way
into wherever people are gonna just be
able to download you and have
conversations with you and make video
you don't know that to be is the what
are the most bizarre realities that we
are entering into is one where you're
gonna go on YouTube there's gonna be a
video of you
looks like you sounds like you but it's
like 50 times funnier than you 50 times
cooler than you 50 times smarter than
you because it's an AI pulling from the
internet it's just you but better than
no one's gonna want to watch you anymore
they're like I want to watch I love the
railroading
but I want to watch the Rogen whose
brain is functioning 50 times the speed
of a normal human brain because that guy
wow that's so they're gonna take over
well that's all obsolete where you're
versions of all of us they're gonna be
like invasion of the Body Snatchers yeah
that's right that's right man and that's
not I mean I'm say even let's say it's
20 years away that's still to fucking
season hundred let's go crazy yeah we're
gonna be basically like sort of drowned
out by multiple versions of ourselves
with exponential intelligence well that
was my concern when I was talking to
Kurzweil about downloading your
consciousness into a computer I'm like
what's to stop you from making multiple
copies if you can make one copy yeah
like which what's to stop you from being
like tell me some fat guy with a little
dick who's a real asshole wouldn't hack
into the system and infest it with
copies of him yeah that just overwhelms
everyone else's data where he is
omnipotent and he is literally the ruler
of the realm that he exists in yeah yeah
cuz he's figured out how to hack into
the grid and take over imagine you think
you're gonna be in heaven you're gonna
enter into this virtual reality but look
you're gonna get to what fly dragons and
have sex with beautiful women and eat
fruit and this fat guy with a little
dick he hacks the system and then
everybody's gonna suck his dick and
everywhere you go as a version of him is
trying to eat you suck his dick
come on ya fuckin people's ears and he's
up holding people down five six of them
on a person just fucking you from every
angle by that's what he created and this
I mean that's what the computer virus is
sure it's fucking everybody right if you
think about that that most there's a lot
of viruses I don't know what what
percentage of virus is Jamie you'd
notice are not financially motivated
there's got to be some viruses that
people create just to fuck people right
in the old days for sure man I mean I
think no yeah they were just there to
fuck up your computer fuck up you they
didn't they weren't worm they weren't
grabbing data they use it against you
they're just like you know shutting your
computer down it'd be a dick yeah
or making it say weird things like you
know real basic the old viruses in the
days of AOL remember those man they're
cool they were like scary but not like
today where they like shut down the
power grid until you send somebody a
million dollars worth a Bitcoin all you
have to completely remap your hard drive
completely re-upload your operating
system it just kills every only way
you're gonna kill the operating systems
swipe it clean start from scratch sorry
it's all cooked yeah all your work
fuck off gone gone man just like this
fat guy with a little everybody hundreds
of them a sea of them running at you
pulling on their half hard dick well
there's a story going around this
weekend about Samsung TVs having viruses
in them and you're being able to scan it
for a virus there's like a program on it
that allows you to scan for viruses and
then I guess today Samsung deleted that
tweet oh these was pointing back to this
being an active weeping angel program
where the CIA can use your TV to listen
to your conversations and they are doing
that and they're recording it leapin
angel what a great name why doesn't the
CIA start dating the fucking Navy UFOs
weeping angel why do they call it that
why do they call what is that that's why
why do they have to bring angels is that
Satan is Satan a weeping angel is that
what they're saying like what the fuck
is that and weeping angel that's weird
man that's fucking weird but like you
know the implication that they in your
deep fake
they sent out that the world was it
already happened you know they're like
how do you know this hasn't already
happened in other words like how do we
know we're not duplicates how do we know
we're not one of an infinite number and
array of like you know versions of us
that are being populated all over some
server somewhere could be well that's
the thing about the simulation theories
that one day we if things keep going the
way they are like then I was gonna bring
this up when we're talking about people
like looking at cities and looking at
the grids and looking at the hive like
what is what are these cities doing well
they're spreading and they're being
productive they're making things and
they make me better things all the time
well if they're making better things all
the time like what what are they
interested in well they're interested in
computers and CGI and artificial
intelligence and artificial life and and
they're all definitely moving in some
sort of a greater technological
dependency like we're pretty dependent
now but it's gonna get greater and
greater right yeah we'll get more and
more well one one day they're going to
have a reality that isn't tangible in
the sense that without this system you
wouldn't be able to experience it but it
will be a reality once you're in the
system once you're in the system you
will feel your elbows on the oak desk
you will feel the sweat on your palms
you'll feel the sunglasses on your nose
you'll feel all those things yeah so
who's to say that that's not real well
that can happen one day if they can
create an artificial reality that you
cannot discern from the reality that
you're currently experiencing how do you
know it hasn't already happened right
you don't you don't and you know some
super fucking smart people think that we
should keep open the possibility that
that is what we're operating under or
that the stability and the rigidity of
the dimension that we exist in is not
nearly as firm and not nearly as
permanent as we like to think it is
right which is one of the reasons why
psychedelics is so exciting and so
there's there so there's hope
they're transformative but they're also
they're valuable but they're also they
illuminate the possibility of others of
other things other dimensions other
life-forms other other levels of
consciousness of other ways of
interacting with each other especially
mushroom well I kind of all of them all
of them that when you take the
transformative dose you experience some
weird thing we like oh this is possible
to like this is like a whole nother way
of existing like who's to say that if
human neural chemistry right if that's
what's causing depression and elation
and dopamine and serotonin and all these
different wonderful things it's what
caused melatonin it's all these
different things that happen when you're
sleeping and then the psychedelic ones
like the DMT who's to say that we have
to exist with this mixture right who's
to say that life with a thicker mixture
isn't also possible and might be going
on around us all the time like there
might be these porous sort of entry ways
into these other dimensions that are
consistently open and closed and they're
constantly around us all the time but
when we're when we're just in straight
normal consciousness that we experience
without perturbing it with alcohol or
pot or psychedelics we want to think
that this is reality this is rigid this
is it but maybe it's a reality yeah
there's a fuckload of them maybe when
you make decisions you enter into
different ones
maybe you're constantly shifting the one
that's around you and how you interact
with people you mean like your decisions
are the way you navigate through the
multiverse it's entirely possible yeah
yeah man I don't say that too many times
well we it is a thing if you if you if
you just think about how little we
understand about consciousness about
what happens when you die what happens
when you sleep well how little we know
about what what is going on when you're
communicating with people what is going
on when you're interacting with what we
are these fucking ideas coming from yeah
are these ideas little life-form
in an anon observed state yeah man bro
you take off the glasses
I just realized I don't get to look at
your beautiful eyes Joey I was enjoying
this we did it for hours um stop right
here
that but that you know man like the when
you start the thing you're saying about
psychedelics kind of like showing you a
different way and that when you're in a
base reality state you people spend a
lot of energy trying to imagine a
solidity that isn't really there and
like you know as I've been taught by
some people that you know you if you
start breaking it down just logically
for exactly
you know your past for example you know
you ever do that spend any time with
your memories and you realize like well
no your most vivid memory whatever it
may be
mm-hmm you can't really taste what
you're eating or feel the euphoria that
you were feeling or the fear you were
feeling or whatever because if you did
then you the memory would not work for a
person who was trying to like stay alive
because you if you just remember the
last time you got punched in the face
you would feel it you know and also if
you could remember tastes you wouldn't
be so inclined to eat because you could
just go back and think to the last
chocolate bar you a and you would taste
it or obviously if you could remember
orgasms as they are you wouldn't really
need to fuck you would just think about
having sex whenever you had it and you
would come you would feel like you're
coming so if we look at memories
experientially there's a lot of like
senses that aren't gratified by memory
and also if you look at them from the
visual field even the most profoundly
quote photographic memory is wavery at
best it's not HD it certainly wouldn't
be a 4k TV it's got it kind of like
quality to it that it's just you know it
flow it's just a little transparent so
then when we think about the future
obviously that doesn't exist like it's
there's no future
that's nothing is outside of this point
in time and so then now you've basically
just from a simple analysis of your
memories which a lot of people imagine
that's who they are like
they're a snake in the present moments
the head in the back is the past with
all their memories sort of intertwine
but you realize like no that's really
foggy approximation of what happened at
best and you really don't remember most
of the shit you did anyway like you
don't remember what you ate three days
ago ten days ago so then you realize
your whole past the thing you've been
using to define yourself as a person you
barely remember in the parts you do
remember it they're not really clear so
that's gone now that's death you're dead
anything that happened before this
moment that's death it's gone there's
just this for real that's not now there
might be some neurological encoding but
there's no past forget it that's why
people like to get really good at things
you know well you mean it gives them a
sense of stability that's why if you
have a physical skill like say you could
do gymnastics like yeah you know
Chapelle Lacey no funny up-and-coming
new comic but he was a world champion
cheerleader like like crazy skills and
he's jacked built like a linebacker well
don't like oh I don't know football
defensive back running back anyway stud
could do a backflip just jump through
the air and land you're like wow like
what the fuck yeah right when he does
that he knows that he had those
experiences yeah learned how to do that
he has a skill he has a very unusual
skill yeah like like a breakdancer they
know they can do that crazy shit where
they can hop around on one arm yeah
their feet up in the air crisscross and
going into the lotus position that how
many people can do that they can do that
make it do it that defines their
existence in a way yeah because now
they're not just living in the moment
they also have knowledge I spell crazy
yeah fucking nuts dude there's one that
he sent me I'll send it to you Jamie
where he flips a girl through the air
look at that shit you do flips a girl
through the air and then catches her on
one hand and presses her above his head
crazy dude
it's fucking bananas bananas banana so
he knows that he can do those things he
knows he can do those things he learned
those things yeah those things carry him
they defined you
they give you extra value yeah you can
hold on to them as a support like a
security blanket in this crazy world hey
I can play the piano motherfucker let me
get on the piano I'm gonna show
everybody at the party I'm deep and I
think I exist I'm real trying to give
something but trying to spray something
out in the world that people like to
smell so they come closer to my flower
that's right man you deserve more Duncan
you can sing and I should sing all the
time everywhere oh thank you just sing
you shouldn't even talk you're an angel
I know the way you sing is amazing well
I trained for five years I just like to
sit around and listen to you have you
ever been in a party where somebody
breaks out a guitar and actually sings a
song like Animal House style that scene
is amazing
yeah I have I'm trying to I think that
if that has happened it's one of the
memories my brains like we're not gonna
remember that we're not carrying that
with us cuz it would look because it's
totally a hostage situation let's face
it like once they sit down start
strumming that shit if you're the guy
who walks out look at that fucking hater
he can't play guitar as egos being
challenged when the reality is you're
like I don't want to deal with it man I
don't want to deal with all the levels
of having to face the fact that you
fired a neuron that made it seem okay
that in the middle of a party where
nobody was playing music or maybe music
was playing you turned it off dude I
know of a guy who in the middle of a
football game pause the game to show his
acting reel what well that's just lunacy
that's it no that's someone who's like
sick paused the games just a broken man
a woman paused the game to show an act
shambling is my new real man you guys
got to check yourself the game can wait
seriously guys the game cool he did a
great job you're gonna get a great
pleasure out of watching me fake watch
me fake now I'm a detective look at me
we gotta go dude it's it's it's a hunger
because it's this is this is the I mean
it's like you're talking about backflips
it's like imagine the self is so the
self is so imaginary that we have to
exert to the point of doing backflips to
give us a sense that the self must be as
we think it is it's that's right like
you don't have to exert to be sitting in
a chair gravity does it for you there's
no energy that needs to be exerted but
how often do you hear someone saying
what a great day that's a great day it's
a great day amazing but why are you
saying it like why do you feel the need
to exert this much energy to announce to
me it's a great day hmm could it be that
you're not quite certain it's a great
day could it be that there's a feeling
in you that something's a little amiss
so you got a like paint reality with
words to make it okay this isn't a ghost
story he's not gonna die isn't or is by
saying it's a great day are you putting
out this hope that I'm gonna go Wow
Duncan such a positive guy he's amazing
yeah when he says it's a great day I
feel it is a great day he puts me in a
better mood thanks Duncan yeah I mean I
think if you look at like any time I've
done that shit I'm too high I'm getting
paranoid and I'm trying to get some
affirmation from a friend you know
that's usually the feeling is one of
mede like you know like when you're
around someone you realize like they
want me to compliment them right now
they and you feel that like when they
were they open the fucking doors and a
spaceship you faves temporarily open the
doors of the infinite vacuum about worse
when they get upset and you don't
compromise yeah wow that's the craziness
Duncan I've known you for a long time
you've never come
my art I said castles are my life and I
know you know you know you don't even
say they're cool they're fucking great
man okay
you sank castles on credit I mean you
know just weird that I have to tell you
yeah I know I'm sorry man you're great
you're great you're ill we worship you
will worship you forever you'll be known
forever as the great sand castle maker
that's a fuddy fig it can also add to
that that the very same sort of person
who is intent on getting you to
acknowledge their fucking sandcastles
which is a great description of it
because no matter what you're doing it's
a fucking sand castle look at those
glaciers whatever you're doing forget it
but then you have these people who on
top of this sick need for a person to
affirm their existence by complementing
their ridiculous sandcastle art they
also want to leave a legacy it's like
they it's not enough that we worship you
now you want generations of people to
worship you that's a big one for people
leaving a legacy it's a big one for
artists big one for athletes athletes
want to leave records that no one will
break that's right leave a legacy behind
man this to me this is like being a
dream and wanting to leave a memory of
yourself in a dream you know like you
want your I want my two people I met in
that dream I want their kids to be
talking about me after I wake up it's
like when you die you know it's done we
don't know exactly what's after this but
you're pretty much recycled man there
might be some karmic momentum there
might be some kind of wing some residue
and trace all over again repeat them
scratch I often got one cells two cells
three and then you just keep doing
infinity to get it right
keep that loop going keep that loop
going like where we're essentially in
some kind of like karmic sanding
mechanism but if you like life why
wouldn't you want to do it again there's
enlighten it wasn't if you like life do
you like life yes if you found out that
this was what you were going to do
forever and ever and ever and it's gonna
repeat itself over and over and over
again would you know it's pointless it's
pointless now and it's finite is it
different if it's pointless that's
infinite is it different it's different
don't you just enjoy life is that the
key the key to just enjoy life that's
where it's ironic when you pick up a
skill like learn to play the piano or
learn to do back flips or in my case
learn to do martial arts is that you
actually become a better person through
learning how to do something because
it's hard so you learn about yourself
you learn who you are you learn the
bullshit that you tell yourself like to
really get good at something like if you
want to get that good it's doing
backflips man you got to fucking
actually practice you can't bullshit
yourself well it really don't need to
come in to do with that guy can do you
got a fucking practice and by practicing
you put yourself through this rigid
exercise routine and you do it correctly
and you exert yourself and you have it
requires 100% of your focus and in doing
so whether it's playing piano or
throwing kicks or whatever the fuck it
is in doing so you understand yourself
better yeah so even though ironically
you're kind of defining you who you are
as a person
and you're giving yourself like extra
clout because you're a you're the
fucking man at dunking a ball into a net
I'm the fucking man everybody watch and
watch that swoosh but by doing that you
actually learn how to become a better
person too because it's hard because
it's hard to do and then if you can
figure it out the puzzle will help you
get a better hold of all your human
skills because it would be a difficult
thing if you really want to get good at
something if you really want to leave
behind a legacy like you have to achieve
a level of focus and a level of intense
thinking and concentration that most
people are just gonna peter out before
they get to that spot sure I mean that's
what I love about what you're talking
about is it's a force field in between
you and an elite like fuck the
Illuminati the force field of the
learning curve separates every single
person from a terrain that cannot be
reached with money like I don't care how
rich you are if you want to learn how to
do a backflip you might be able to pay
for great trainers but you still got to
do the fucking bet work you've got to do
the work hundred percent so this is cool
because now you
enter into a realm that is inaccessible
by money is inaccessible by power but is
weirdly generally accessible by anybody
in other words the only thing keeping
you from whatever the fucking thing is
you want to get good at to show yourself
that it is possible to leave the reality
that you're in and enter a completely
different reality because for me if
suddenly I was in a world where I could
do fucking backflips might as well be an
alternate dimension like if I got at
home and did a backflip in front of my
wife she would it would be that she
would probably be more amazing if I like
levitated you know what I mean she'd be
like what the fuck have you done well
you've you've reality must be
fragmenting so it's like in other words
the you wherever you're at whatever the
thing is that you you are there's always
this interesting mountainous rugged
terrain separating you from a completely
different universe where you can do
backflips play the piano play the guitar
whatever the fucking specific thing it
is you want to pick up that's kind of
cool to me it's like the only thing
keeping you from it is consistency it's
not money usually unless it's like you
want to be a falconeer or some shit you
got to get a falcon but in general you
know you could like that's why I love
about that Goggins man I like that guy
like you it's weird how much he impacts
me even though I'm at one point I
thought someone was running next to him
filming him before I realized it was a
car and I'm like I want to know he's
filming God study yeah I see I realized
I was disappointed cuz I thought there
was an anonymous an anonymous guys
running getting no credit it's probably
Zeon say but you know that's that to me
that's kind of why I love that because
it's like it's equal access no one is
being barred from the learning curve now
the specific learning curve you might be
getting barred from you know what I mean
like you want a mug one it's eight
thousand fucking dollars okay like
you're not gonna get now you're not
gonna learn to play that if you don't
have that kind of money
what's a mug one it's like something
that fell out of a spaceship that I'm
obsessed with the like it's just this
beautiful
synthesizer man Oh like it's yeah fell
out of a spaceship
dude I have to piss so bad can you talk
to Jamie and then I'll let you piss yeah
no you have to pee too right
how did you know man cuz I could tell
shared mine cuz I'm wriggling you're
moving a little funny yeah yeah who
wants to pee first you wanna pee first
what a fucking gentleman you peed first
because if you announced it you gotta go
I think I can wait okay I'll be right
back okay great as I looked us up the
mug one yeah forget it what do you what
MOOC you have a mug right now though
right I got a sub 37 but um the you know
the mug one is polyphonic and the sub 37
is monophonic so you can't really play
chords on it but it's not just that it's
like the whole I mean it's a cult around
these scents because they did figure out
a way to dial in this perfect specific
beautiful sound that once you even I
mean if you like playing music which you
know I just do is that you play because
I feel like I asked you this is like a
year ago what you just play for yourself
most like you just like to sit in a room
yeah and turn off the lighter put on
mood lights yeah ever and just make your
own music instead of listening to what
people are making for you to listen yeah
well I mean I like both but I just I
like the with cyntha use achill
synthesis I really look there's like a
weird kind of philosophy behind it which
is not only do you not have to worry
about making you know whatever it is um
an album or something but it kind of
like allow yourself a break from
imagining you even need to be musical
just like you know you give kids pots
and pans and they fucking bang it
together it's just fun a friend of mine
Billy Mays the third yeah he's actually
the son of Billy Mays he travels around
playing music as a an under name called
infinite third and he does a thing
called mouth counsel it just sounds like
almost what you're doing where he takes
a loop pedal has a microphone he starts
and makes a sound and then he passes it
around to the next person it's like you
have it you make a sound
yeah and Joe would make a sound and then
by the end of the eighth person nine
person thing he knows how to use the
pedal enough that it becomes basically a
song almost like a song it's just a
droning Lou
so it's not really ya know musical but
it's it's almost like this and he does
very similar things with by himself it
gets real cool but it's just like like
what you're saying though it's it's not
music to listen to necessarily got
structure yeah it is it's to have on and
like the background sort of and like
yeah whatever you're doing really okay
it's like yeah I think it's just like
you know you could be whoever this is is
clearly a great what up musician but
also you can just enjoy dialing in these
like insane howling alien noises for no
reason other than you just are trying to
make sounds and that's it I mean it
really is like you take that and combine
it with most any psychedelic marijuana
and what you have there is the ultimate
fucking spaceship essentially that
you're just like it you don't need we're
just talking about how it's not idea
behind this as you can get good at it
and these things are so precisely dialed
in that if you wanted to be like the you
know they teach you music just from
interacting with it but also there's
just this visceral like pleasure of
making noises through sense you know oh
yes I have to think what would happen if
you got sucked into this world like his
only deal it's me don't drill what my
evil on me Ricky Bobby I would like to
put that evil on you that'd be fucking
cool if you start playing off playing
quake how to swear off of it was playing
it again again I now it's hours a day
hours when you ask me you texted do I
play quake and I got the same feeling
you get when you have a friend he's like
gone sober and they're like asking you
go get a drink yeah man I had a problem
playing hours a day and I just went cold
turkey might stop what are you doing I'm
gonna go take nur I'm gonna piss so how
long does it take you to piss with that
suit on this is depends on where I'm at
like in a combat situation first but in
general it takes like 30 minutes or so
and I'll be back great
this whole episode 1313 was 100%
Duncan's idea I get this text message
from hey man can I do episode 13 13 just
do the finger at the window I'm like
fuck yeah you can I need I need to do
that with universe that I wasn't asked
if you guys have planned it yeah well we
planned episode 666 that was also his
idea those the last time he wore a Pope
outfit and I wore my white NASA outfit I
have a white NASA outfit and an orange
one that was awesome um but yeah 1313 is
a real thing but we aren't really on
1313 because just like podcasts on
planes in there out 70mm a shows my
companion's yeah yeah that's a crazy
number what you guys are talking about
anyone an interrupted conversation but
this has sort of just come out to help
with the deep fake stuff adobe's
announced that they've got a tool that
they've I don't know how well it works
right now they just show a picture so
they don't show it an action or anything
but it's a way to de tell if a photo has
been manipulated with Photoshop oh I'm
wearing keep that off those Instagram
hoes nobody knows that anybody looks
like you know I mean do those this some
Instagram people literally look like
cartoons like you look at their photos
you're like what are you what you're not
that's not a picture yeah I've never
fucked with the abbath face-to-face toon
I think is a lot of people use really
you can just draw some guys where you do
it yeah for sure they do their whole
face is blurry it's like what's
happening yeah I put my glasses on
closer out I'm like what are you you're
spray paint weirdly rosy cheeks yeah
your spray person well spray what we're
talking about Instagram filters like AI
Dobies new AI tool can spot when a face
has been Photoshop yeah so saying that
keep that off to Instagram hose yeah you
got like a knowing that one Instagram
person who is actually a CGI she's like
oh her that yeah people didn't know her
name yeah well they're saying they gonna
do that the models now you know they do
that with houses like sometimes you look
at a picture and you're like what it's
wait a minute is this real and like
under construction currently will be
completed summer of 2020 like
so this is not a picture of a house he's
a CGI house yeah this you got shadows
and the floor has texture I mean it
looks fucking real man yeah I've seen
some real ass looking houses and that's
you know real estate agents using that
shit why wouldn't like a clothing
designer have like the perfect body to
complement their perfect clothes you
know yeah that uh I'm sure you've shown
this on your billion times but yeah that
you're talking about the AI that just
generates people yeah that sheiks fake
models beautiful perfect people yeah
every way mm-hmm yeah in every way I
agree every way perfect in fact it's
funny that some people trip out about
people that look really good on
Instagram and they say they're they're
giving off unrealistic body images hmm
and that this is something we should
stay away from unreal it's like that guy
from Vox was doing that about
he's got everybody's hating on him
because he's saying that about gay
thirst traps that they they put out
unrealistic body images and that you
should think about them the same way you
think about cigarette ads or or liquor
hats
yeah exactly what no they're in shape
unrealistic is such a crazy thing to say
when you're actually looking at a real
person yeah unrealistic body
expectations um no that guy goes to the
gym and that's what you look like when
you go to the gym that is real that's
really not just realistic that's real
it's not unrealistic some people don't
want to look at other people that look
good I read this article by a therapist
who is saying like that was the other
one
till you posted that dad bods are more
attractive to women than rock-hard abs
survey said the that survey said was in
front of their fucking fat husbands 100%
said used millionaires you know did they
well it's the Chris Pratt and Leonardo
DiCaprio as well Chris Pratt is not have
a dad bod he's sticking his stomach guys
been silly huh that guy's jacked media I
meet him in real life he's he's a stud
who's the other guy
you know Caprio yeah yeah do you think
that dad bod you know like you hear this
like you usually find out this way down
the line
but like some phenomenon society was
like cooked up in a boardroom right like
for example let's say I don't know you
made Twinkies and you realize like shit
man people like really getting of this
ketogenic diet and working out and there
could be a potential you probably have
some AI saying like hey we've got like a
health craze predicted for 2021 meaning
Twinkie sales are gonna drop by like 50%
cuz guys don't want to they don't want
to be fat right and so then you start
disseminating into the world like
alright let's come up with this thing
what so what's a way to call somebody
out of shape but like to connect it to
their virility because they're a dad bod
yeah dad bod
so then you start getting it out there
like you know it helps if any product
that is like bad for you kind of depends
on two things one that it tastes fucking
good and two that you can trick yourself
into believing it's worth eating right
like it needs those two things like in
other words if there was like delicious
uranium like some lunatic created like
the sweetest most flavorful uranium
biscuit you're not gonna eat that shit
you know you're gonna go Chernobyl the
fucking oh your stomach's gonna melt at
the dinner table but if you could come
up with like you know a nice IPA like
you were saying or some kind of thing
that's oh it's just poison basically
it's gonna destroy your liver over time
it'll be a slow progression and you
could like sinking alcoholism you know
your personality will change and it'll
look nobody would do that yeah don't
even know what you're saying right now
they go no one's gonna do that such a
stupid premise no-one's gonna drink
poison slowly toxified your liver shut
who would even do that shit man I would
never do that I mean I drink as I'm
sophisticated and then like you did you
by the way read that shit about how like
hangovers or brain damage like when you
have a hangover and you get better your
brain hasn't recovered yet just a part
that you could sense has gotten better
but the you have like physiological
damage that's happening of course like
it's weather when you read it you're
like wait you die of course so it's fun
it's fun to be drunk to beat your heart
of the problem it's fun to be drunk oh
my god it's fun to be lit if it was joke
ah I mean that's one of the realities of
any great thing is like it is a delight
and it is a beautiful part of life for
many people but we at some point you
just start tricking yourself I mean
that's one of the things McKenna
I love these said it's like how history
has survived alcohol like we managed to
have that as our sacrament and still we
have civilization Wow
it's incredible because it didn't like
it does turn people into fucking 28 days
later doesn't it well in some flow some
people it does but it's really
interesting when you consider his idea
that at one point in time there were
psychedelic cultures that really didn't
have our standard intoxicants right so
they didn't have antidepressants they
didn't have stimulants yes it was
something like coca leaves that they
were eating right they didn't have
processed cocaine but what they did have
was copious amounts of psilocybin yeah
lysergic acid then different plant forms
there was like a bunch of different
things Mayans used ayahuasca DMT there
was that uh that shaman where they found
his bag they found it was like 2,000
years and how many thousand years old
2500 years old DMT in his bag yeah it's
like any fanny pack you find at Burning
Man yeah that's hilarious I love when
they fly that shit out well you got the
the DMT was in that rabbit nose thing
right
yeah the Fox knows yeah there's only a
thousand years old I thought our leading
done to that twenty five hundred year
old marijuana that just oh yeah that's
true - there's a new one yeah so people
have been just getting blasted forever
the best of course they have been as
soon as they found it they're like why
would I just go with regular life yeah
it's the best but it's it's so wonderful
that that's being disseminated in a
culture right now it's also people are
decriminalizing it all over the place
left and right it's slowly starting to
happen Colorado first always boom
they're on track and now Oakland Oakland
decriminalized it as a city they put it
as the lowest priority all plant
medicines including ayahuasca you saw a
Aussies tweet mm-hmm yeah it's amazing
but she can't get traction other
in Congress like what whoa it's hard
it's hard to sell that bill it's hard to
sell yeah they'll research and you know
maps has been doing amazing stuff with
soldiers and you've been to the actual
Maps conference yeah I have yeah who's a
it was wonderful because it's like these
you know it's as much as I love hanging
out with you and like my friends you
take psychedelics it's really inspiring
to be around scientists who are sort of
figuring out a way to translate that
experience into a data set that can
convince legislators to change draconian
laws because they're doing the hard work
you know you and I we get to go on and
on and on about the multiverse and the
dmt entities we can make things up we
can make things up they can't it doesn't
matter if they've taken it and had a
real experience where some advanced
whatever you want to call it is appeared
to them whether a part of their
subconscious or an alien and said listen
here's what's going on we do this with
every planet the first step is we've got
to like undercut the hierarchical
centralized power structure and we know
the only way to really do that is by
teaching people that their identity is
they think it is isn't quite right if we
can expand the human identity
selfishness goes away if we can get rid
of the problem of trauma and people
dealing with trauma by being aggressive
to the outside world then over time the
circumference of the human identity
expands beyond the perimeters of me and
into us and if that happens then we can
like enter into like a type a
civilization or whatever they call it
the beginning of a global civilization
but first we've got to get the fucking
monkeys to climb down from the tree of
their selfishness yeah and if we can do
that and get it we can lure a few people
out of themselves just like getting a
buggy out of the tree so that we like
people are like wait a minute I don't
think I'm just a me I think I'm an I'm
connected everything purely
interconnected in fact I don't think I'm
anything I think what I really AM is the
connection between me and others that's
where I exist not in this but you are
something right because you're very
unique like you personally are very
unique but you're one of my favorite
friends but you're also one
my weirdest friends call me they're
always tough dude you gotta read this
book it's like dude you gotta watch this
documentary and we will talk for hours
about the crazy shit over but yeah you
are very specific like you're very I
don't get the same conversation with
Joey Diaz I don't get the same
conversation if I call Ari yeah
everybody has a different thing that
they're a so there's something going on
that's uniquely you right oh yeah I mean
to say yeah cuz otherwise you seek it in
nihilism and you like a man to the point
right that's not it at all it's that you
don't exist in a vacuum
it's like that's the main thing and to
me like the fundamental problem right
now is selfishness it's like when you're
mad at someone on the interstate what do
they do something selfish when you're
mad at someone in your life what did
they do something selfish when someone's
mad at you what did you do something
selfish almost always and like this is
the reality is that selfishness is an
innate quality of being a human we are a
self there is a sense of a self rather
and we feel mixed up in it but the what
you realize is like you know those
fucking times were you authentically not
because you're filming it for your
Instagram or whatever help somebody and
you don't talk about it you just
suddenly do it
you're not like giving someone money
either but you get engaged with a person
and you're there and then it's one of my
favorite mushroom trips was when I
started coming back and I before I
really came down I started thinking like
what was I doing I was doing something I
was being something I was being a human
I was being a fuck oh fuck I'm a human
but for a second I wasn't a me I had
merged into something bigger than me
similarly if you just get really engaged
in helping people you'll notice that for
that amount of time you don't feel quite
as shitty and it's not just because
you're doing something good and there's
some like angel casting blessings on you
it's because you got out of yourself for
a second in the sense that you became
more than just you you are you and the
person you were helping and that to me
is like a really interesting aspect of
where we're as a species is that the
reality is man yeah we're
all special and beautiful and wonderful
but also you're not happening in a
vacuum
you're completely inexorably
interconnected with everything and you
can't get out of that you're in it for
real and the boundaries you've
constructed around you and whatever you
think the rest of the world is they're
just in your head it's not real you made
it up you told yourself a story and you
believe that story so much like the poor
motherfuckers are getting like the most
psychotic cults you know where at the
end of ten years they reveal to use some
crazy crazy shit beyond crazy you spent
like nine hundred thousand dollars in
this fucking thing and they're like yeah
we all got shit out by woolly mammoths
and now you have to be like I could
either believe this and dive in or I'm
like fuck I was wrong all this time
similarly most people have constructed
this ridiculous
armoring boundary around them based on
you know this is bad and this is good
and that's not good and that's good and
here I am in the midst of it and that's
a real painful situation to be in
because it's you have to fucking
constantly exert that forcefield
situation and it's really I think why so
many people are depressed and exhausted
and can't really relax because how can
you relax if you're constantly in a
state of creating an imaginary barrier
between you and infinity called yourself
it's a really exhausting probably
practice to be engaged in and there's
some people who impose themselves on
other people they make their life and
their problems 100 percent of the focus
of this other person so that person
becomes an enabler you see that with
husbands and wives and times or even
with friends like one person is the
active asshole then the other person is
the fixer-upper man Mike fucked up again
I gotta go get them active yeah asshole
centralization man and it's like our
whole from like our family structures
usually to like the entire way we run
our government is usually centralized
around one key identity and that we in
you know we've had this conversation
many times on the show which I like the
preposterous nature of a king a
president a Pope a bishop a world leader
a teacher whatever the fuck it is it's
preposterous and it's also quite
dangerous you know because it's like not
only do we have the situation of the
parasitic friend but even worse you can
get into the situation of the CRA's
matic friend who's tricking you into
doing so into the idea that you could do
something called cosmic hitchhiking
that's what chgyam trungpa calls it
which is basically the idea that like
I'm gonna use you because you are so
great and you will be the thing that
helps me become a real person it's an
illusion one yeah you are our teacher we
worship you Oh show us the way imagine
being born the Dalai Lama so from the
jump you're something special
you have the chosen one and the one
you're the reincarnation of who were
they supposed to be are there a Tulku is
what it's called so it's the toll ku
system and the way it would work would
be you know because you have like if you
look at the history of Tibet it was
called the Hermit Kingdom and it was
closed off from the rest of the world
it's very hard to get in there seven
years in Tibet is about somebody you
made it through and became friends with
the Dalai Lama as a kid anyway so within
this system there is this idea that
beings reincarnate and that if you're
awakened enough if you're like really
liked it the sort of last phase of this
sort of what would you call it the cycle
you were talking about earlier
then you stop losing at least some of
the amnesia that happens when you get
processed through the liminal in between
period called the Bardo between this
incarnation and the next so anyway they
go to children they put in front of them
the particular items that belong to the
previous incarnation that they think
they are
Oracle's Vision visionaries bring the
monks to a particular village and then
the kid picks it and then that pick kid
becomes the next this or that it's
called a Tulku how many kids they looked
at I don't know man I don't know the
depths of it
it turns out to be an asshole I think
his powers away well I think it has
happened where toll coos are like it's
similar to like what the fuck is the
what is the thing where those kids get
one summer to go like the summer of
fucking what is that religion
yeah that's Amish that's uh Rumple
spring uh Rob Springer yeah what does
that there's a great documentary on that
yeah something
The Devil's something Devils it's like a
great name The Devil's summer but it's
just like the devil's playground fuck in
the smoke and then a lot of them come
back whoa what feel empty I believe that
was one of the ways they studied the
impact of MDMA it wasn't it by like
because like these like if you find
someone who's taking MDMA but no other
drug it's pretty rare so you need to
find a person who's only taking MDMA
otherwise you can't
it's like assess there's some cognitive
damage because it could have been acid
it could have been the mushrooms it
could have been the time you fell on
your ass when you're hammered who the
fuck knows but these kids some of them
have only taken him DMA and so I believe
that they use them as a sample to like
determine if there was any kind of
neurological damage caused by the the
drug itself but so I think it's simpler
phenomena happens within that system
where some kids are like I'm not a
reincarnated being I'm a musician I
wanna go play music and they leave do
you know who's a musician who's also
reincarnated being Jimi Hendrix Steven
Seagal what yep
when did that happen I didn't know they
had told him I think the Dalai Lama
might have hooked him up told him why
one of those guys over there told them
that he was the reincarnation of someone
super special
Jesus God it's a big deal over there
well then they had a ceremony and
everything for my seven this is the long
written thing about about it well that's
a lot of work I know the recognition of
Steven Seagal as a reincarnation of the
treasure revealer chung dragged dorje
Wow of that pile you'll monastery yeah
so he's a reincarnation
well that's comforting to know he's
always been with us you know because
it's like one of the things that does
bother me is to imagine a world without
Seagal you know so it's cool to know
he's always been here coming back again
and again how come nobody was ever a
loser in a past life
oh that it was always a fucking no
awesome
oh you mean oh right yeah when I win a
little full of shit you know what it if
you're making money as a fucking psychic
and you're like whoa you're basically
like a gutter rat you were you've only
been a rat you've known filth
you weren't even you're a mucus thing
like I'm not sure what you call it a
kindness jellyfish that killed babies
you're a tapeworm you're one of those
long worms that went into someone's
brain and trichinosis motherfucker
you're uncooked pork you are a moth you
were yeah yeah the whole like to me like
the whole reincarnation is a toku yeah I
told you it's a statement from the guy
I'm recognized my student Steven Seagal
as reincarnation toku of the treasure
revealer chung dragged or jays this has
been some confusion uncertainty as to
what this means I'm writing to clarify
the situation
no clarifying necessary I'll see you
later man I gotta go bullshit girls got
five hookers going this guy's house
right now as we speak
well also the other so there's talk of
like ending the Tulku system and the
Dalai Lama has even said that and
recognizing that because what school
among many things is that he said you
know if sign is very rational and he
said if science proves something in
Buddhism is off will change Buddhism to
fit the rational mind that's the beauty
of Buddhism there's pageantry in it
there's ceremony there's ritual in it
just like any other religion it's
beautiful
personally I think that there is a sort
of area of experience accessible through
their practices that I guess could best
be compared to psychedelics or something
like that but to me what I love about it
is all the pageantry aside and all of it
aside is not faith-based it's a very
basic series of ideas
that you have to digest you have to
think about you have to look into you
don't just get to be it it's like you
know maybe some forms of it there could
be an example of that but in general
it's more along the lines of here's the
basic fundamental principles behind this
knot and the cup in the cording of a
human life then we've discovered here's
where some suffering is coming from all
the suffering in fact and here's how to
fix it that's the Four Noble Truths of
Buddhism and that just hearing it who
gives a fuck
you could hear a life is suffering the
cause of sufferings attachment get rid
of attachment suffering ends here's the
system to get rid of attachment and you
know whatever life is suffering was I
didn't fucking mean what is life is even
mean what does it even mean by suffering
this this first noble truth it gets
completely mistranslated anyway dukkha
it means wobbly wheel it's more akin to
like if you're riding a bike that's got
not enough air in it it's gonna be a
rough ride but it's gonna be even more
of a rough ride if you have somehow
tricked yourself into thinking there's
enough air in the tire so that anytime
you hit some bumps you're like what the
fuck is wrong with the world that's it
that's it
it's like wobbly wheel the things wonky
you think you're not gonna get
disconnected when you've been on the
line with Verizon for an hour you're
gonna get disconnected it tends to
happen you're gonna get cut off in
traffic you're gonna fail you're gonna
be disappointed this is reality but
somehow you've imagined that it doesn't
work like that and every single time
you're met with the truth you're like ah
oh god this sucks and you know so that's
gonna that creates a lot of problems and
it creates too some ways to deal with it
which is desire and aversion
so you're somewhere and you want to be
somewhere else basically you know you're
you're somewhere and you're like I don't
want to be in this place or you know
you're imagining that if you get this
thing or that thing the pain you're
feeling is of the wobbly wheel go away
do the experiment see if it's true see
if it's true that's all you can do is
like really look at the
shit that you want like I could come
home and mogh could have pulled up and
given me seven mug ones right and I'm
gonna sit and play those fucking mug
ones for weeks and weeks and tell them
sweaty and smell like fucking just
someone shoved a salami under the balls
of an ape you know I'm not gonna
probably weeping into the mug and
sneezing into it anyway the point is
eventually after ice the distraction has
gone away I'm going to return to my
fundamental self you know the the
fundamental condition of existence as it
is regardless and so this is sort of the
print some of the principles as I
understand it which are really quite
intelligent you know it's really and
what I love about it most of all is
there's always this invitation which is
go see go see it's not because I'm
telling you this believe it right it's
like go see maybe it's different for you
and and but you need to go check like
every time you're doing the thing that
you've been repeating over and over
again is it making you happy for a row
is it really working is it working and
if it's working great but if it's not
and you're trying to pretend it is
because you've been doing it so long
well who are you who's winning this game
of self-deception what what there's no
winning if the game is tricking yourself
you can only what and what do you do it
how do you feel about life if you're
always tricking yourself
hey Twitter world yeah man that's right
you will only feel that the everyone is
trying to trick you and you'll feel like
there's a grand conspiracy and you'll
feel like the world's out to get you and
there is a great conspiracy which is
that you are running a game on yourself
yeah like we should end with that yeah I
think that's very important for people
to hear yeah I true and thinking
resonates with all of us we've all done
that the lowest points of consciousness
in your life you've run a little trick
on yourself or to get past things where
you know and I think in some of that
trick is run because you don't totally
understand who you are you want to
so yeah baby I'm this guy maybe I'm
maybe I'm a hardcore Republican yeah you
know what those fucking Democrats they
tricked me for far too long I'm over
here now yeah I found my home found my
home over here and that's one of the
things that people do they really do
they hop remind you I used to be a vegan
but now I'm a fucking car to this I just
eat all steaks ribeye steaks all day
long you know what I couldn't believe
what a pussy I was when I was just
eating vegetables Congrats that's a lot
of it right yeah man and it's and it's
almost exactly like what we're talking
about with religions that you look down
these grids and these grids are run by
different operating systems that require
different behavior from their women this
operating system you can't walk drive
dressed like a beekeeper and you have to
do this and you have to do that this
operating system you put a plate through
your lip and you got a bone in your nose
and this is this operating system
everybody gets face tattoos and this
operating system you know and no one
eats Peak pork it's oh no no God does
not in our operating system you get the
same thing I think with right and left
with vegan and meat-eater
with pick your poison like whatever the
fuck it is yeah whatever thing it is
that you're into especially ideological
especially lifestyle based there's
always an opposing one like the people
that don't want people to be gay are the
people that even a lot of the abortion
stuff a lot of the abortion stuff it's
like how much of that is how much of
this really well-thought-out behavior
and how much of it is how does your
tribe respond to this and one of the
ways you can tell especially we're
talking to a hardcore lefty or a
Republican for that matter we can offer
two examples but one of the ways you
could tell is hardcore lefties do not
like to discuss late term abortion you
say well what if it's a fetus what if
it's a baby what if what if we're
talking like eight months and like what
it's a woman's right to choose it's a
woman's right no it's a it's a baby in
this person's body like when is it a
baby look I'm a hundred percent Pro
woman's right to choose
I'm 100 percent pro-choice but late term
abortions are fucking weird it's dark
it's strange and everybody knows that
everybody knows that
but if you
Hardcore left you won't say it and then
the hardcore righties what if you were
raped whatever what what if you're a
little girl a 13 year old girl and she
was raped you want that girl to carry
her fucking baby are you crazy
she was raped four weeks ago we found
out she's pregnant what do you want me
to do you want me to pray how about fuck
you right how about fuck you might raped
little girl is not gonna have to carry
someone's baby fucking asshole and the
idea that your invisible man in the sky
that watches over everything you do but
allows rape to occur allows little kids
to get raped you want that little kid to
carry a baby I'll fucking kill you
right you're goddamn crazy right there's
people that feel like that - well this
is if you want to find the comic
commonality the common thread it's just
the way you were describing which is a
natural reaction to someone saying that
to you or controlling your life in that
way it's aggression
so like on both sides it's not that
there's an articulation of a point of
view it's at the point of view is being
flavored with anger with aggression
pushing pushing pushing it's a woman's
right to choose
yeah and it's or it's not or whatever
both sides have within a quality of
aggression so this is like this is you
know not to oversimplify things the
reality is man we won we gotta cut
ourselves a break and you know this and
you've articulated this better than
anybody we weren't we were monkeys not
that long ago real reason go look at
monkeys see how they act crazy right so
give a number one give yourself a
fucking break you an evolutionary like
from the evolutionary perspective you're
just barely waking up but because you've
been a monkey inside of you there's some
serious serious aggression because that
was the way to deal with the eagle that
was bigger than you that carried your
wife away to feed to its chicks you were
gonna fuckin have a sit-down with the
eagle and be like listen I know you need
to live and my wife I imagine she was
delicious we've I've been you know
farming for the last several years and
feeding her every day and you know the
baby's gonna die because he was drinking
her milk and all eagle but listen I
wonder if maybe you could just spare the
rest of my family what you're gonna do
is kill that fucking eagle any way you
can
or Spears whatever so now to think that
that has gone away is very similar to a
person who takes a vacation and suddenly
realizes I can't relax
well you can't relax because for the
last fucking year you've been going
nonstop in a state of constant stress
freaking out you're on vacation you
think that momentum is going to go away
no it's just gonna be more apparent so
you're gonna pull it down and try to
fuck it away but yeah and then you're on
the airplane hungover and it's like you
know you're fucking and it's like what
happened that what the vacation is
already over that's what has happened to
us which is like listen well I don't
we've got it good right now but it
wasn't that long ago the saber-tooth
Tigers were dragging our children into
the fucking jungle and eating them and
we find feet that were our kids feet in
a bush somewhere and this trauma is in a
separate genetically so anyway the point
is give yourself a fucking break but the
other point is that being said recognize
you're being aggressive your approach
using anger and intolerance is not
working it is as much as Noble as your
purpose maybe you want a global
civilization of joy whatever the fuck it
is it's not working if you're using the
exact same momentum that causes the wars
that you're hoping to stop right so the
first step has to be I think an internal
personal exploration to create some not
to even get rid of the aggression or be
like I'm bad because I'm angrier I'm all
that bullshit but to create some to find
out what is the circumference of the
self and then within that you realize
the thing you thought was all of you
that coiled up fucking anger is in fact
a tiny piece of you it's still there and
it's still useful at times but it's not
all of you and because the circumference
is widened the next time the angry part
of you starts bubbling it's just like
it's the difference between somebody
throwing a brick and a bathtub and a
brick in the ocean it's like a brick in
the ocean no big deal a brick in the
bathtub fuck you to twice
[Music]
so that's that's the ideas like we're
not trying to annihilate the self or say
this this person this human being you
are it's irrelevant or it's not worth
this or that it's just what is the
circumference of your identity and and
that's the exploration I think that gets
that Buddhism invites people to do or
any religion that is real and good it's
inviting people like find out what you
are and then as a natural byproduct of
that exploration you become a little
more gentle and because you're gentle
you're more effective that's where it
gets really weird gentleness seems to be
quite often the what was my friend
saying he's like you know if my dogs are
outside I'm like get that fuck at that
fucking house they're not coming in but
if I'm like come on come on I love you
and you really mean it they come running
into the house so this is the thing is
like the aggression stuff it worked man
because of the Eagles and the Tigers and
all that shit but you know what I mean
now maybe there's a new way yeah we and
we're stuck we're stuck with the DNA
that sir got us through how to survive
yes and the Tigers that we needed it
yeah we needed it don't fucking bitch
you know don't like or a violet or
something like in fact love it I think
that's part of the appeal of the dadbod
part of the appeal of like you know
someone talking about unrealistic body
expectations you you're really talking
about like less reliance on the the
flesh the the the the virility the
athletic ability the ability to conquer
you know the ability to to breed and
spread your genes and fight off
predators and enemies and invaders it's
not nearly as necessary as it used to be
but necessary but necessary and but the
people who are not capable of it despise
it because they think it's the problem
they think the ability to conquer is the
problem yeah this the the strong and if
everyone was weak it's essentially the
argument for socialism you know what's
that well you don't have it if you don't
have it you see other people have it
like I don't mean anybody should have it
how about that oh yeah and it's also
part of it yeah I did I mean people have
encountered
the thing is is like take a person who
has some chip on their shoulder about
dudes with muscles right if you look at
it that didn't happen by itself they
weren't it didn't wake up one day like I
fucking hate biceps what happened is
like people with muscles who were
traditionally like ideally like meant to
be warriors and protectors in a noble
way they've gotten really aggressive
like you see and it's not all of them
but how many videos have popped up of
you know a police officer sure cuz the
kid took a doll you know yeah like that
video we were talking about yes so it's
like so it's so similarly like sometimes
what's coinciding with the muscular
thing is also a dominant aggressive
attitude so the two have become mixed
together yes you conflate them yes and
it's there's there they're there if
you've ever been around people are real
fighters usually they're like the most
gentle people you've ever super nice
people and it's unnerving because you
know like Eddie Bravo he's nice man you
when I'm around him like I forget that I
could just suddenly be dead you know I
mean if you didn't forget he'd be
nervous around them all the time like
you know you're in a great conversation
with him enjoying his company and then
like you could just that's it
yeah so similarly like that this is what
happened that so the idea is like you've
got a continuum of possible ways that
humans express themselves on one side
you have the condition of like the noble
warrior which is a trained disciplined
person who's literally putting
themselves in front of others the
samurai you talk about it a bunch you
know who's fading into the background
who doesn't even give a fuck if anybody
knows they did anything heroic because
they've given up on that it's a very
spiritual way of being well then there's
also the concern about the warmonger
like why does the war monger exists is
the war monger like the fire fighter
that starts their own fires a lot of the
times yes they live for that they live
for that experience because that's what
they desire yeah yeah if you if you if
you want to sell umbrellas you need it
to rain yeah yeah well yeah but this is
again corruption of
of a potential ideal which is like
regardless of the fact that we've all
kind of like witnessed various examples
and pretty much every profession of what
it looks like when things aren't so
great and imbalanced
there's also examples of people who are
the opposite of that who are like
completely you know in service who like
you know how many firemen got fucking
incinerated in September 11th man you
know and the truth is I can't name
unfortunately embarrassingly enough I
couldn't name one of them if you paid me
to these are people who literally gave
their entire life up who went up that
fucking thing they didn't think they
were coming back down they're firemen
they looked at that and they were
probably like yeah I'm gonna die I bet I
die today but they're like if I don't do
it well no one does it so that's an
example of how good it can be and why we
need it and what it can really be that's
a sacred way to be and the exact same is
true for pretty much every profession
and yet when aggression gets in there it
fucks it up it sours it it imbalances it
and it's like ultimately completely
ineffective you know and it's also
another version of selfishness yeah
right alright what we're talking about
before being the problem the real
problem with a naked aggressive behavior
naked aggression meaning unprovoked
aggression is that it's entirely selfish
like I want what you have I take I
conquer yeah that that is selfishness in
its worse most primal form that's right
and on that note we're gonna wrap this
bitch up Duncan Trussell you're the
fucking man say this and let's do a
shrimp raid - where's Chris Ryan's
driving that fucking van around the
world Chris Ryan is gonna come back here
enlighten every really let look at his
paycheck every picture he's getting
further and further out in the woods I
love you buddy love you too bye
everybody
[Music]
[Applause]